0	Selsy mistakenly thinks the Brownlow is like Mad Monday and wears costume. SelwoodJoelSelwood url 
0	Obit vs mesin
0	growing watercolor - Decatur Cemetery This painting was done twice, the first time did not turn out well at.. url 
1	your new chick that's my ex bitch homie in fact I'm still logged into her Netflix homie
0	 url mention &amp;Is Hillary Clinton Too Hawkish for Iowa Democrats? url 
0	They sleepin on you
0	Uh oh! Chris Weidman is ducking Vitor Belfort hahahahahaha but I don't blame him emoji 
1	"retweet mention : ""remember when i said hahmkyul are the only normal ones in the group? .. url lee qri? normal? url "
0	""" mention : mention LosMeetMilou I need you please! Watch my videos+tweets ♡ smiley 73"""
1	retweet mention : mention lol because its clear that they take pride in taking pictures like this and exploiting females
1	retweet mention : Correspondent from Telegraph mention : Just got to Koh Tao. Papers say island 'sealed off'. Not true url 
0	retweet mention : If You're constantly asking God for something You never have time to ask Him what He needs from you.
1	Are you ready today?haha smiley zenam zenam..yuhuu.. url 
0	 mention necessary
1	Danica McKellar says she's 'the happiest I've ever been,' which makes us really, really happy url 
1	Aye mention thats how you score boy!! url 
0	THAT BUDWEISER COMMERCIAL. GOODBYE.
0	retweet mention : Who wants to watch the AZCardinals make it 3-0 this weekend with a win against the Niners? retweet to win 2 tickets. AZSports… 
0	His dancing ass lol
0	I Got that fire u're searching for! rappers check out my beats! url sendbeats needbeats hiphop 
1	I think tomorrow I shall be nonexistent emoji 
1	retweet mention : I love reggae music
0	retweet mention : Amari Cooper has now had six-straight 100-yard games. That is the most by an SEC WR over the last decade. UFvsBAMA url 
1	OMG THEY'RE AREN'T A MONOLITH.
0	retweet mention : Video: BangBang Title track song teaser url mention mention mention url 
1	Y'all are some creeps for real..
1	retweet mention : Friendly reminder that these are the boys who wrote 18 *she's got a naughty tattoo in a place that i wanna get to* url 
1	I should sleep, because when that alarm goes off at 5am ☹ &lt;/3
0	retweet mention : Port Vale manager Micky Adams has left the club
1	I Aint Worried Bout Bo Hoe emoji Cos I Switch Them Like I Switch Clothes emoji 
0	Here's The Best Explanation We've Heard Of How Scotland Could Still Shock The World And Vote YES url via mention 
1	retweet mention : the happiest
1	"""Kimberlaylay"" *Makes weird, confused face*"
0	retweet mention : Late night shooting session wit the shooter mention url 
0	Off to school..maybe I can come back to mention following me?
1	retweet mention : LOL GPhi yes emoji 
0	Turn to Channel 4 to catch the NFL, but it's the end of Sixth Sense, where Bruce Willis is actually Mickey Rourke's career all along burn 
0	retweet mention : WHAT IS WITH LIAMS ARM?? url 
0	I believe in Karma what you give is what you get returned.
0	retweet thorn_alan: gamedev Absolute Perfectionism involves infinite recursion. To release your game, you'll need to stop somewhere
1	" mention Me too. My sister in law completely freaked out. Lol ""omg! He saw the sign!! He winked!!"" She was instantly smitten. Lol"
1	 mention Thanks for the suggestion. Have tried a few but still searching! Appreciate the response and good luck with your authors!
0	"""i love jet noise..(pause)..in my asshole"""
0	 mention thank you Alex miss you emoji 
0	 mention Show me odds
1	hope my boy mention good after that accident emoji 
1	My grandma be bitching about the dumbest shit possible
1	srry emoji EMABiggetsFans1D url 
0	 mention I'll ask! My stepmom work full time all week emoji 
1	retweet mention : Perfect! . url 
0	just one of those nights, ya know?
1	"retweet mention : “ mention : "" mention : boom clap the sound of that ass when u twerk it really fuckin fast"" mention tfios remix” I love you"
0	retweet mention : New phhoto url by risa0830
1	my greetings goes to my uncle Dr. Eugene Opara.wishing him hapi birthday in advance.hapi sundy. mention 
0	Catholic Clubs Night BBQ tonight at UBC at St. Mark's College. Enjoy a free BBQ, concert and meet others! url 
0	Fuck lady !!
0	"Question: what must I do to be saved? Answer:""If you shall confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus, and shall.. url "
1	What is with all these celeb nudes ?? emoji 
1	i wish i was in Intervention or CT so chilled for the whole week smiley 
0	 mention 6 or 6 plus?
0	retweet mention : mention mention Teachers need our (parents') support to teach our children, not more disrespect. They are th…
1	""" mention : mention Yess"" but she scared tho , like what you talking for ?"
0	Friday night soreen and a brew, mental!
0	 mention While I have great empathy for the man and his loss and struggle, this is a union and legal issue and not a news story.
0	 mention nigga catalog is all 95 BPM
1	Next year I'm literally in Greece from June 22nd until July 23rd, bar two days. Brill emoji 
0	 mention mention have to credit the unions with their ability to organize protests whenever any LNP politician speaks.
1	The kind of day that is kicking your ass and it's not even noon. jesustakethewheel emoji 
0	"6"" mention : TEST IQ url "
1	 mention emoji NEEWW MUSIC emoji MAD J - NoPRESSURE (Prod By mention ) Official Audio - url Afrobeats emoji 
0	Tesco chairman Sir Richard Broadbent 'doesn't know what he is doing' say insiders: In his spare time, Tesc.. url UK 
1	she kept looking mention me likee can i help u
0	 mention I'm a 19 Year old clean artist from PA. Check out my music here -&gt; url 
1	oscars goal tody was nice emoji 
1	You deserve everything you have, I'm so proud of all you've achieved in 4 years,you're amazing thank you so much mention emoji 30,883
1	Sometimes I love jammin out to good ol metalcore like I used to listen to in like 8th grade and freshman year
1	Good night dreamers and believers
0	SDBN Feed: UC creates $250 million venture fund via SDBN Blog, News: UC system to finance spinoffs .. url 
1	"Currently humouring my dad as he explains his new idea of ""vegetable crisps"" awkward "
0	Bring your friends and tailgate with Young Life before the game this friday!! FreeFood FreeFriends FreeFun url 
0	You can say what you want about me but you can't argue that I care about my friends more than anything.
1	retweet mention : I hate it when the ppl in the drive through are stingy with the sauce.
1	retweet mention : mention mine too emoji 
1	 mention that nigga dumb af emoji lmaoo nigga saif fahoe
1	Insurance premium rise to worsen carriers' losses url 
1	retweet mention : If you don't fuck with me , then guess what IDC emoji 
1	Sorry if you were unfollowed on Joslynn's page, I think her Twitter glitched or something.
0	Wootton faces 4th and goal at the 15.
0	retweet mention : MORNING HelpColin 
1	retweet mention : 13 going on 30 has always been one of my favorite movies emoji soocute 
0	Is really amazing &amp; worried url 
1	 mention yes lmao, she's so stupid
0	Anyone?
1	The Best Teams Hold Themselves Accountable.. url 
0	 mention what are you gonna do about it?
1	loveyou morgan
1	I have a swimsuit in my car guys let's have a pool party in the parking lot
1	I'M GOING TO CRY
0	i am no marine, but these niggas still salute meh emoji 
1	retweet mention : mention so he should take as many fights as he can? He should do 'go Altaf go' since it's Karachi? Lol. Itne hum buc…
1	These next three months are going to be long for me emoji 
1	retweet mention : FULL-TIME: Steven Gerrard's stoppage-time penalty gives LFC a dramatic 2-1 victory over Ludogorets at Anfield
1	Shawn Jarrett, the prime suspect in April slaying of a greenhouse co-worker, will stand trial for June rape of elderly lady in Grandville.
1	 mention beett then make it rain here lol url 
0	 mention mention mention caught red-handed, Joshua.. Now you must take the blame
0	retweet mention : Would you believe that these were invented by women?.. url 
1	The only good thing about this update is I don't have to exit out what I'm doing to reply to a message or Twitter emoji 
0	Revolutionary Sex url 
1	Whoa bitch, what did I do to you? url 
1	They up early yelling and running
1	I want a fake gold watch (doesn't even have to work) just to flex
1	Ughh early mornings emoji 
1	Saw my baby today. emoji 
1	"Just saw a shirt on campus that said ""Let's (a picture of a taco) bout Jesus"". I need that shirt emoji "
0	 mention mention anything to support SLVS
1	 mention Followback emoji 
1	retweet mention : MNA Ayaz Soomro.We do politics for respect. Fair. But my friend should know respect is earned.it can't be bought 4m shop or…
0	retweet mention : HURRY GO BE THE 10,00th LIKE url 
0	Just hanging url 
0	retweet mention - mention Liars Dice Zinfandel 2011 - Yowza, This Is a Bold, Flavorful Wine!.. url 
0	An early morning birthday celebration with my three favorite things in the universe - Brittney, Lennon… url 
0	1/2 Got a reply to a post I made on reddit a while back about mention cycling kits.
0	 mention Hi Dave. Sorry to hear this. If you can report the issues here we will investigate: url (BMS)
0	 mention thank you! I miss you too!
1	retweet mention : only 37 more mondays until summer!!
1	retweet mention : I am sickened and saddened for nearly 600 wonderful employees who made mention into a great business. ruthlessvodaf… 
1	still vibing to the track list of my latest mix for Beautiful Buzz. if u love it share it with your friends on.. url 
1	 mention why don't you follow me emoji 
1	"""When you go to the doctor no one says, 'oh your dermis is hurt' NO YOU HAVE A FUCKING CUT!"" mention mention "
1	retweet mention : being lowkey is so much better
1	 mention hey your cute..
0	 mention Which what serie do you would like to do a crossover instead The Flash? ArrowLiveTweet per ania
0	I just earned the 'Drinking Your Paycheck' badge on mention ! url 
1	 mention god his beard
1	Full as fuck my birthday isn't going as bad as I thought
1	 mention how sweet
0	R E T W E E T IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS | TeamFollowBack | InstantFollowBack | TeamFollow | 500ADay | retweet (must retweet this)
0	retweet mention : Yes odds tumbled on Betfair Exchange from 160/1 to 50/1. Still a massive outsider though.
0	retweet mention : Rain: “I Understand the Concerns Over the Idol Cast of ‘My Lovely Girl’” url url 
0	retweet mention : BREAKING: Play 60 Kid runs off set during commercial taping today url 
1	"retweet mention : "" mention : Cute friends.. LoiShua For MyPhone"""
1	The FNB Banking App is turning 3 &amp; you could win 1million eBucks. For more url Download, Transact &amp; Win with the FNBAPP 
1	Money don't make yu real .,
1	Cupid's demanding back its arrow
1	 mention to much work
0	retweet mention : “ mention : retweet if u are proud of our queen EMABiggestFansArianaGrande” 
0	 mention Charlie &amp; The Chocolate Factory, The Wind in the Willows, Matilda the Musical, The Lion King..
1	One person followed me in the last day thanks to url app
0	 mention ooppss you gorgot the HT!: smiley JOSHANE Superman KEYpers v2.0 Natatanging JOSHUAandJANE
1	retweet mention : I can’t afford to lose my mom. MakeGREATPossible 
1	 mention i know you can too. smiley )
0	retweet mention : But lord knows.
0	retweet mention : James just needed some time to adapt with Real Madrid. emoji 
1	Training all day! Get me to Costa Coffee ☕️☕️☕️
1	 mention Queronotvz true love coldplay MTVEMA NominateColdplay 
1	sure on the ocean risingstar ugh
0	✋ emoji “ mention : TMZ be on everything..”
1	 mention Oh dear.
0	retweet mention : Quickest way to start changing the world is to start changing your mind.
0	retweet mention : NashvsHayes What was your guys favorite part of the new video emoji ? - url 
0	I added a video to a mention playlist url Neon Hitch - Yard Sale
0	I'm at Chabot College in Hayward, CA url 
0	 mention emoji in your sleep
0	retweet mention : If I die before I wake, I pray the Lord my soul to take
1	 mention blessed to see you po kanina sa hotline
1	happy pup!! url 
1	retweet mention : i wonder how many fans beyonce has onstage, her hair is like perpetually blowing. pretty awesome.
0	Grand Designs' Shipping container house design unveiled url via mention 
1	retweet mention : when your ex bf/gf asks for their stuff back aft the break up.. emoji url 
1	 mention follow pls mention it means a lot for her if you do emoji ✨
0	 mention cause i can. Would i do it if i can't? No right?
1	I'm in love with my home screen. emoji ❤ url 
1	retweet mention : That game against South was one of the most fast paced games ive played in my life. It was a great game. 4-3 in overtim…
0	 mention And some gargantuan less than obvious implications in what’s changed. Somebody needs to do an mention on this release.
1	 mention One good thing about drones Uni_Robotics interesting Micro-drones here - url 
0	 Job Raleigh Looking to start a new Career - Sponsored Class A CDL Training in NC (17 days to your Class A CD.. url 
0	retweet mention : Couldn't even IMAGINE losing my baby ✊ emoji she's my life man.. emoji 
1	I have a headache emoji 
1	 mention there's a spate of them at the moment. keep getting suspended, coming back. really fed up of them
0	Kim Kardashian defends hubby Kanye West after a wheelchair incident at his concert: url 
0	retweet mention : Purchase UnderPressure on iTunes: url 
1	 mention 1 week God I can't wait
1	retweet mention : I wanna travel the world and see new things with someone extraordinary
0	UFC Fight Night 52 Preliminary Card Predictions url bleacher mma 
1	 mention thanks for following
1	 mention love you so so much
0	all me &amp; huriyyah talk about is 2omf.
1	We haven't had rain in agess
1	""" mention : Great vibe in mention yesterday!! Now finally in Bangalore ✈ Indiatour mention """
1	retweet mention : I miss these nights.. url 
1	Good Morning!! url 
0	retweet mention : NowPlaying Waiting All Night by mention ft. mention on mention with mention The9pmShow ECARadio 
1	Oooh there's cereal. Let me get a bowl
1	retweet mention : WAIT THE AMNESIA EP COMES OUT IN THE US TOMORROW OMFG I FORGOT
0	Elections official kicked a voting machine. Republicans are now leading in 34 ridings, George W. Bush declared Premier nbvotes 
0	 mention Know a credible source to find out what % of American beef stays in US.? newswecanuse 
0	 mention dass what I thought
1	 mention you got me fucked up. acting like you didn't see my last username was dedicated to mark tuan aka daddy
0	The other sort of ploughing isn't allowed either. You know. The after the watershed type. ploughing2014 
1	retweet mention : Burnley Leisure's team is also here at freshers' fair. Why not come along and see what's on offer at mention ht…
0	Live bands, dancers, and people partying.
1	MIDNIGHT MEMORIES
0	“ mention : Harmonizers!! Our debut album Reflection is coming out December 2014! url literally laughing
0	I wonder if kids in Hawaii dress up as cowboys for their spirit days at school..
0	retweet mention : Watch a man age eight years in less time than it takes to boil an egg. url 
1	I can't wait for my weekends off to come around.
0	All the up to date market knowledge on Hamilton real estate at our new website.. url 
0	retweet mention : Not a fan of wiz I guess url 
1	Can't wait for the volleyball tournament got a loads of practice to do :S excitedandnervous 
0	Best . countrymusic of 2014 &lt;-_-&gt; SavannahFaith &gt; Real Country Music! &lt;&gt; Download a greatsong Now =&gt; url 
1	Having today off was something I deserved.
0	"It's luxurious lol "" mention : HLS has gender neutral bathrooms with tampons and pads on deck anndd a full shower"""
0	Yum yum thanks Louisiana Fish Fry Products mention 2014lagumbo url 
0	retweet mention : We're heading down to Texas this weekend for a story. Our research? The Maysles Brothers' 1969 film 'Salesman' url 
1	“ mention : Had fun at paintball shooting today wiv the boys url looks like one hell of a day!
0	“ mention : This nigga got ramen noodles on his head I'm fuckin done emoji url 
1	"retweet mention : Also, has anyone ever heard a less sexy expression than ""we'll be gettin' lots of tit""? Getting tit in the pussy wagon. C…"
0	retweet mention : ..&gt; on the go, all of the time. This helps to reduce any chance that we might lose varieties..
0	Sobriety, it'll add longevity to your political visions.
0	Facebook. Lacocinitadeandrea Instagram : Andrea Salas Twitter : mention 
1	retweet mention : Mashkoor Arab HOTTEST! ♡♡ did I say it right? = ] url 
1	 mention don't think that for one second naw cassidy url 
1	MONDAYS ARE GOOD DAYS THANKS TO THE BOYS
1	RIP to the fucks I used to give.
0	 mention you'll be 1-1 tho. Like a lot of people
0	retweet mention : The nation must never forget who taught its people to stand up for their rights.
1	Been a very productive day filled out apps, cleaned our little apartment and now relaxing ❤️ url 
1	 mention happy birthday get turnt
1	 mention Ty Choti smiley 
0	 mention mention mention mention Zimmerman didn't commit murder.
0	PLAN AHEAD Please leave the car at home &amp; take public transport. Go to url for your best option. NRLFinals loveourFooty 
0	 mention can I apply in your company?
1	 emoji mention My love for you emoji ⭐ emoji is like the universe, emoji has no end emoji emoji ❤⭐ emoji emoji ⭐ emoji emoji ❤⭐follow me please emoji emoji ❤⭐ emoji ⭐ emoji x 1.631
1	 mention big boy winks piping up, funny how u always had your tongue in my arse you little muppet emoji 
0	retweet mention : Scotland starts historic vote on independence in race too close to call | mention reports url 
0	retweet mention : Loving this skirt that my stylist mention helped me pick out today! &lt;3 Get the look: url htt…
0	retweet mention : i changed my profile photo to me thinking becvause im thinking
0	""" mention : For the 1st time, more people are shopping on mobile than on desktops: url url "
0	retweet mention : WE NEED TO WIN THIS EMABiggestFansJustinBieber 
1	retweet mention : Guys mention turns 15 in like half an hour, we gotta trend HappyBirthdayGrant emoji 
0	Watching about last night
0	★RockCanon
0	But dat backflip doe
0	I still prefer 4 spaces for indentation instead of 2 js python. 
1	 mention I am Only 8 years old &amp; raising money for mention with my football song url Please watch &amp; retweet
1	retweet mention : [ 100thSuperShow] SuperJunior WORLD TOUR “SUPER SHOW 6” with mention , EXO CHANYEOL url 
0	I hope I meet friends when I move to Jacksonville. That's probably the thing I worry about most, not meeting people emoji 
0	My bell end says it's now September 22, 2014 at 04:30PM!
0	 mention meet me in montauk
1	Hello bed! You feel so nice tonight.
0	Kay 07036-500623 is an older lady looking for companionship. 50+ and preferably single.
0	 mention its shake my head smiley 
1	The maze runner round 2 emoji 
0	retweet mention : . mention has been appointed as the BBC's sports editor url url 
0	The best way to slim down is Diet! Most people don't manage because they can't maintain a strict diet. Forget jogging, trainer..diet is key
1	 mention mention I asked a simple question, why dont you take that smart ass comment and shove it
1	retweet mention : I just walked past a church and the choir were singing 'she looks so perfect' by 5sos.. Only in London ey
1	 mention I feel you on that I'm trying to get rich off my kids success lol
1	C'mon Lewis, put that thing on pole! SingaporeGP F1 url 
0	 mention mention Please, if it's ok to search old ladies, it's ok to search an imam. If they don't like it don't travel.
1	 mention oh lushh!
1	"everyone talking about their first biases in bangtan and im just like ""lol taehyung..was..my first bias"""
1	retweet mention : Folloowed mention WeWantCONCEPT 
0	retweet mention : Get pumped for Gameday on the Horseshoe!!
1	Pisses me off when my friends say they're at their boyfriends lol
0	where's you mention ?
0	retweet mention : iOS8 download times (based on previous years) emoji (PST) 10am emoji (EST) 1pm emoji (BST) 6pm emoji (CEST) 7pm For now.. url 
1	 emoji emoji emoji emoji emoji emoji emoji emoji emoji emoji mention hi Luke hemmings from mention I Love You To The Moon And Back smiley Have a great day! emoji emoji emoji emoji emoji emoji emoji emoji emoji emoji emoji emoji 19,839
0	"Current Mood: ""Fuck You"" by Bad Religion"
1	Dumb ass bitch
1	i left my earphones at work emoji I can't go to school with out them .. fuck em im bout to go get em .
1	Be watching this shit out my tweet go find u a new nigga or some emoji ✊ emoji babygirl
1	Wtf you doing to my hair pussy emoji 
1	I JUST WANT TO SLEEP, IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK SWOPE?!
1	 mention my iMessage isn't work but that's fine! Text me when you get out of class and we'll meet up
0	retweet mention : I need a good music downloader somebody give me one emoji 
1	retweet mention : A 10-year-old goldfish had surgery to remove a tumor, he's expected to live another 20 years url url 
0	 mention What is the one thing you miss the most? AskMo 
1	Oh God, all that You are is so overwhelming.
0	 mention 2 o clock if possible?
0	 mention Fahad is writing some aala stuff.
1	Ladies: If I can see your skin thru your leggings (especially your butt) its time to go up a size (or 2). For the love, cover that junk up!
1	I have pe first thing and last thing, fml someone shoot me.
0	Had so much veg made a quick soup rough chop veg with celery onion and garlic sweat recipe recipeoftheday url 
0	 mention lol no idea.. what was it?
0	This weeb's reasoning: Will I am &gt; Will je suis &gt; Willtashi wa
0	Uhh that's new..
0	retweet mention : LIMMY 'Do you DARE to believe that we could run this small country of ours &amp; care for its people more than Westminster can…
1	 mention Sparkles are life itself.
1	retweet mention : it’s so sad when you crave someone you can’t have
1	“ mention : Why are girls so clueless” RFT
0	 mention 
0	One of the ways you can honor the service-oriented Virgo Sun i.. More for Leo url 
1	i cant make anyone understand what is happening inside me
1	Happy Sunday my loves emoji 
1	Who's gonna get drunk and watch the ecu game tomorrow with me
1	Progress reports tomorrow!! Reading quiz Friday! Illustrated hero's journey narratives with reflection due Monday!!
1	retweet mention : We have a rare opportunity for a Marketing and Communication Senior Manager here in the CI go to url 
1	.. In closing.. WisdomSesh 
0	define EA Sports
0	"retweet mention : Random: Had a dream last night that mention had his own reality show called 'Waiting to McHale"". Naturally, it was epi…"
0	 mention mention mention mention mention mention holy crap..zumba!cant do that at all! Im old &amp; arthritic
1	Rave shits are the worst.. Pshh emoji 
0	 mention it look the same .. And they Doin to much.
1	I'm gonna save up and get the iPhone 6.. But by the time I do that, the iPhone 10 will already be out nshit
0	 mention I need to get tax refunded from 3 iPhone 6 purchases I made for our church staff. Who do I contact?
1	retweet mention : And to all of the 648 (+) idiots who gave their elect vote to Green in Ak Central &amp; likely robbed Ardern of a seat, le…
0	 linux netdev Re: [PATCHv5 net-next 3/3] sunvnet: generate ICMP PTMUD messages for smaller port MTUs url 
1	retweet mention : What a show - mixfest more like best fest. Great to be with so many great people. mention mention mention …
0	 mention your best price shipped?
0	Prediction: The favorites get 3-1 up, then lose 5-3. No, scratch that, that'd never happen. SUvSYD FFACup 
1	 mention your pretty
1	That's definitely a good idea, mention ! Have you already made it in? smiley 
0	 mention Interview with mention , the man behind the 'Duel In the Desert' card url via mention 
1	 mention soo awesome!
1	retweet mention : Enjoying Skinny Dipper on mention ; looking forward to playing on the show next Monday smiley 
0	Awe they called each other babe in a rehearsal video. TEAMMOTOUGH 
0	retweet mention : imagine helping calum getting ready before he gets on stage ~S url 
0	Samsung Galaxy S II SPH-L710 - 16GB Blue (Sprint) Smartphone Clean ESN CDMA url android 
0	Photoset: url 
1	 mention got damn 12hrs for a video project?
1	 mention ehh marky thanks bro
0	Goodmorning Mentions☀ mention 
0	 money Law firm Venable to move headquarters in 2017: Venable, the national law firm with about 400 a.. url (retweet pls)
1	Im not a fighter im a jerker
0	 mention haven't found a simple way, looked this week. Can be done with t4 in base .net, unclear about ssdt mention 
1	 mention sharks are so cool
1	retweet mention : Melvin Gordon can't be stopped! 11 carries, 179 yards, 4 TDS in the 1ST HALF url » BGSUvsWIS on ESPN
1	found my new obsession smiley 
1	retweet mention : if erykah badu's nudes ever leak life will never be the same.. lol her pussy be castin spells my nigga
0	 mention never switched up &amp; bcuz you stopped fwm
0	retweet mention : UFO + CR-design awarded highest prize in shenzhen super city competition - designboom - url 
1	"retweet mention : ""josh is so whooped"""
0	Kay fight
0	watching the Cinderella marathon.
1	sometimes I act 7, sometimes I act 37
0	 mention OMFG the fact ur turning twenty two tomorrow got me in shock it seems like just yesterday u were in camp rock smiley HAPPY B-DAY
0	This is Crescent Bay, the newest version of Oculus Rift url 
1	I can't deal with both my sisters in the same room, these bitches got me laughing way too much lol
0	 mention mention that is!
1	I don't believe that bending the iPhone 6 bullshit. I gotta actually see it
0	retweet mention : how many more days must we hashtag SBSPopAsiaTARA '-')?
0	retweet mention : YOU HEAR ME CRYING ( mention ) url 
1	 mention mention nice people; nice picture.
1	Am I wrong for wanting to throw myself off a bridge every time I hear this fucking song
0	What is the psychology behind violent extremism? How are such polarised beliefs formed? Dr John Demartini gives.. url 
1	Do yo Shoulder still hurt emoji 
1	At least I tried.
1	 mention Worth bumping check it out! url 
1	Thanks to all for EcomChat this week. We'll be sending emails later to let you know of any tweets you abandoned.
1	 mention mention goals emoji 
1	BE STRONG GIRLS mention mention Love youu
0	 mention mention mention mention I agree so mention what is your reasons for this? Please clarify.
0	Will you please follow me on Instagram mention xodanielledxo please? emoji LiveWithEmblem3 3
0	 mention 's account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the Twitter Media Policy. Learn more.
1	 mention be screaming like he got kids that don't listen.
1	 mention how will I be sure she wunt hurt me. Humans ar the same. If I do first or she does first, its the same.
0	retweet mention : Rugunda: Strengthening the family unit and empowering the children will solve the problems pertaining vulnerability Invest… 
1	Ree love me
0	 mention that's ur fourth tweet on ur twitter involving ur mother/family member gone just meet her already
1	Usher tickets high af too! I'm tryna do the buffet &amp; bar tho
1	 mention i will stab you.
1	Hi mention smiley How are you? Please follow me x You will make me happy. I love you very much хх х10.358
1	"retweet mention : Rio Ferdinand on Moyes: ""Unintentionally, he created a negative vibe..He'd slowly lost us. I didn't enjoy playing under …"
1	Starting a 4-month count down. So done with the long distance and saying goodbye.
0	ALL THESE EGGS AND U STILL AINT GETTING LAID
1	This house is so nice
0	 2G Special Court: To hear arguments in Aircel-Maxis case on October 13 | To decide whether to accept charge-sheet post hearing argument
1	WNL! Love these girls emoji url 
0	A letter from an old friend url 
0	 mention 2and99Cents Transcendental Meditation – Ultimate Guide to Relaxation Ebook Download now! url 
1	That's a nice car.. url url 
0	I've collected 64,615 gold coins! url android, androidgames, gameinsight 
0	""" mention : “ mention : U CAN COME OVER LATER WHENEVER GIRL U CAN COME RIGHT NOW”the homie got R&amp;B lyrics emoji ""&gt;AND YO CITCH"
1	 mention HEY JUSTIN, PLEASE FOLLOW ME? IS MY DREAM, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH, YOU ARE ALL THAT MATTERS TO ME 53
0	 mention mention hi Chris
0	 mention jfc just play
0	I'm at Setor de Aulas V - mention in Natal, RN url 
1	retweet mention : THIS SATURDAY AT THE SCENE WE PUTTIN FOOT IN EVERYBODY ASS WE TAKING NO PRISONERS , NOBODY'S SAFE url 
0	[Trans skullhong12] 19/09/14 Нанкин гого skullhong ModernFarmer url 
1	Bitch u betta send me nudes. . Who cares if I show other people .. thats free advertisement for that ass.. YOU WELCOME
1	Almost finished writing the next album, so far, 18 months of hard work, grateful 
1	retweet mention : Gervinho's true hairline is so far back it's still playing left-wing for Arsenal. url 
0	FACT: 1.4 billion people around the world live on $1.25 a day. 70% of this group is made up of girls and women
1	HEARTBREAK SAGING Heartbreak Girl- 5 Seconds of Summer ReplaceASongTitleWithSAGING 
1	The biggest lies told by the food industry - url url Gross!
1	retweet mention : I CANNOT STAND PEOPLE WHO WILL THROW A PERFECTLY GOOD FRIENDSHIP AWAY OVER SOMETHING SO FUCKING STUPID
0	I can only eat mushrooms on pizza..nothin else
0	 emoji luke hemmings from 5sos follow me please i've been trying for ages and you're still ignoring me smiley mention emoji 16,253
0	Live(stream) Willem II NAC Breda live url via url 
1	retweet mention : emoji ⭐️ emoji ⭐️ emoji ⭐️ dear luke hemmings from 5sos you make me so unbelievably happy could you please follow me? emoji emoji ⭐️ emoji ⭐️ emoji ⭐️ mention …
0	 mention mention mention peer pressure. Now tneil has come too.
1	 emoji Happy FALL Everyone emoji 
0	“ mention : Love a good debate? Engage. Empower. Experience. Download the AJ+ app. url emoji I'm in tears what's it mean??
1	 mention I say we should emoji 
0	"i fugg with that movie retweet mention : Yes sir. "" mention : Movie? retweet mention : - Blood Ties."""
1	I need a new bored tho!! smiley 
0	retweet mention : Romo/Machi six up, six down, hitters 2-7 in the dodgers lineup. Can’t be more clutch than that. SFGiants 
0	 mothersday 25%OFF deal $13.49 real Techniques Starter Set url makeup women girls hot gift 
1	retweet mention : Well it's been a great day mention lovely weather followed with great people..a well run day!! goodday chair… 
1	retweet mention : To everyone including longhorn nation.. That's my fault on the coin toss.. You live and you learn. It won't happen aga…
1	retweet mention : oomf can get it
1	I like how babe and I can only stay mad at each other for like 10 seconds
0	You can't help but sense the power of the soulful Moon once sh.. More for Leo url 
0	 mention don't know all I do know is I'm not lol
0	retweet mention : Apparently mention gets an update on his phone every time I tweet, and he can't seem to turn the updates off. This …
0	The NSA should be able to authenticate this email.. url 
1	im a mushroom drug ok retweet mention : thanks bae, be my drug retweet mention : kankai the only drugs u will take are chill pills
1	retweet mention : There are so many sick people in the world
1	 mention I know I had to fix it, it's all so shitty
1	After all that's been said &amp; done, it was fun while it lasted lbs.
1	I wanna talk to a girl who doesn't go to parties or clubs
0	BJP's defeat clearly show that why BJP don't want to contest elections in Delhi.
0	Final result for Scotland: Yes 44.7% No 55.3%. Turnout 84.5% - a new UK record. url indyref url 
0	Everyone should follow the advice I found on my Yogi tea bag..it's pretty easy. lifelesson… url 
1	If you saw bre's snapchat and thought something was wrong with me lol that's how I am everyday
0	Gimme head.. I don't need that url 
0	 mention mention throwbackwednesday never forget
1	 mention well never stop.. Idrk what's bothering you but it will get better!
0	retweet mention : When your boy takes the last crab leg url 
0	Tennis: Erakovic on a high at last url 
0	 mention please follow me and follow my friend mention you love us and is our dream, please do not ignore, i love you kath emoji x13
1	"""things i told the internet, but didn’t tell my mom, 2013"" by Anna Ladd is one of my favorite projects ever."
0	retweet mention : 15 minutes left of 100design day one! If you missed it we're open till 9 tomorrow so plenty of time to explore the show!
0	retweet mention : MAVEN fun fact no. 5: mention 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, Mars Odyssey and mention 's Mars Express already orbit Mars. mention …
0	retweet mention smiley on't fight it, just light it
1	If play like this then gg ah
1	I'm SOO glad I can fall asleep..
1	Now I miss your voice and BOY I miss your touch
0	Photo: complexmagazine: Common and Mos Def. url 
1	Faith makes all things possible.. love makes them easy! &lt;3 happy saturday heart smile soul… url 
1	 mention STREETS LIKE A JUNGLE. SO CALL THE POLICE.
1	retweet mention : 11 years ago today. Thank you for the memories. OneTreeHill url 
0	"retweet mention : God says, ""If I am a Father, where is my honor? If I am a Master, where is my respect?"" -Mal 1:6"
1	I'm so done with my family
0	"FAVORITEE ♡ tell me why , don't know why hahaa mention hahahaa "" mention : SS6SeoulDay3 Evanesce"""
0	Huge INT for Bama
0	 mention Thank you url 
1	my mom is running bath water for my back emoji 
1	Now I've been changing but you'll never see.
1	 mention I know I didn't do anything but I called he was just gunna be like ily bye
0	This nigga Matt Ryan mane, lol
0	Liked 31 Pics
0	 mention mention mention Thanks
0	I posted a new photo to Facebook url 
0	retweet mention : It’s 37°C outside but there’s more than one way to beat the heat with . mention 's sub-zero url url 
0	Remember when Elizabeth said that Peter has Neal for better or for worse and that it was actually better?
1	In August 2001 actor James Woods reported to authorities 4 suspicious males on his flight. Those males were the 911 hijackers on a dry run.
1	 mention Long way to go yet Carls emoji 
1	retweet mention : Mga Kapuso, Destinians and all Pinas, SG, and SouthWest, let's all stay safe &amp;warm! PowerTweet, if u can MDDoubleDate mention …
1	retweet mention : Hits me everytime I read it. url 
1	Fizz is sexy as fudgee he has the temple fade and all emoji 
1	Old Westbury college please fix your wifi emoji 
1	Today has been so wild
1	retweet mention : It's not over till the votes come in from Brigadoon.
1	 mention I AM SO HAPPY
0	Free man.
0	 AMAZON HOT NEW 4: Killing Patton: The Strange Death of World War II's Most Audacious General.. url BOOKS READ 
0	I learned how to not care a long time ago. This is nothing new.
1	i like how jinki is using bottega venetta instead of lv. i love bv more than lv :3
1	Happy birthday mention have a lovely day emoji 
1	What if that email in my spam box about me winning $2 million were real? What…. IF!?!?
1	Photo: photographersdirectory: I’m Max and I come from West Yorkshire. I mainly shoot people and buildings.. url 
0	retweet mention : BOUND REMIX COMING SOON
1	Doing my THING in Kingston praise the LORD url 
1	"""I knew there was no way Edwin could let me down, that night he became a hero."" Sir Alex Ferguson united4unicef url "
0	News: Gun belonging to Poconos 'trooper killer' found as police say they're closing in .. - Daily Mail url 
1	 mention nice smiley 
0	cruising around
0	I'm at Range in Chicago, IL url 
1	retweet mention : I nneed to cry
0	retweet mention : Jimi Hendrix died 44 years ago today. Here's 20 things you didn't know about the guitar legend url url 
0	What is your biggest fear or worry? — Being irrelevant, and never achieving anything that one thing that means t.. url 
0	retweet mention : retweet mention : mention mention Elmo, do you prefer to play tag or hide and seek? GMASesameStreet 
0	Adventure Tip - Break in your boots and sneakers before a trip. Blisters hurt! adventure tip hiking gear 
0	While I believed some of you would show support in light of this news, I was brought to tears by how much support you've given me. Still am.
1	retweet mention : Kushal Tandon.. The King Of__? url 
1	retweet mention : Never showing you my weapon again,you lot are more interested in the Picture behind me! :-0
1	retweet mention : When u listen to the song u always skipped in the album and realized it goes hard af
0	Studyhard emoji (at Ari's Room) — url 
0	retweet mention : [palo alto] McAfee and Symantec Join Fortinet and Palo Alto Networks as Co-founders of the Industry's First Cy.. url 
0	retweet mention : I uploaded new artwork to url - 'Halloween Pennant' - url via mention 
0	Arjen Robben going down like he's been shot! url 
1	 mention I'm honored
1	I also Use Basin For Pee smiley _ But No one Knows !
1	Heat and sunlight can sometimes weaken the adhesive properties of glue. 
0	retweet mention : We are probably the only dudes wearing beanies in Texas
0	retweet mention : Four/idk just retweet bc voting EMABiggestFans5SOS url 
0	Watch the Heartwarming Moment a Lion Recognizes the Man Who Rescued Her url via mention My goodness this is precious
0	Yum. 3 month expired orange juice from a gas station url 
1	What next I bring shall please thee, be assured,
0	Ima Tell Yall This Right Now, I Ain't Chasing After Nobody Bruh.
1	 mention no its mest up
1	Officially running a fever. That's awesome.
1	HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! I LOVE YOU!! PRETTIEST GIRL I KNOW❤️❤️❤️ mention 
1	It's my behavior, that I abhor! I was a savior, and she was my scapegoat. -Rx Bandits
1	 mention love u
1	Good to see again the east side of the city smiley Midnight GoodNight Journey Holiday Zamboanga url 
1	 mention mention and I'm in bed watching one tree hill✌️
0	 mention can I have your old one please?
0	Who is this 'team' masquerading in LFC shirts…don't recognise them!
1	retweet mention : ICYMI: Apollos Hester is a high school football player in Texas. He's also an INCREDIBLE motivational speaker. VIDEO: htt…
1	Ooh cheeky! url 
0	retweet mention : Yesterday, Adebayo Akinfenwa was named as FIFA 15's strongest player! beast url 
1	Nothing like eating broccoli at 2 in the morning emoji 
0	My kids first book emoji url 
1	game tomorrow emoji 
0	Stop Everything u'r Doing &amp; Watch Best icebucketchallenge url September 16, 2014 at 10:19AM url 
1	It's fucked up when people throw things from your past in your face^
0	life stylee
1	retweet mention : Thank you for all your support for our new album. You can listen to a bit of Steal My Girl now !! url 
1	retweet mention : Very Inappropriate Vintage Ads url url 
1	retweet mention : Some ppl only come around when they need somethinn
0	 mention can we be bffs?
1	 mention ahhahahaha, u better not eat it !!
1	 mention that explains SJWs, guys who'll do anything to get laid and the crazy women they've given carte blanche to.
0	 mention please mention me I really want to reach my goal x37
0	I lost 3 lbs.. emoji 
0	retweet mention : mention is working on that movement StopTheGunViolence Chexk out his latest video CHICAGO 
1	My music weren't just words..
1	retweet mention : Haircut time!! ✂️
1	retweet mention : mention love you too man
0	"retweet mention : ""The art of life is a constant readjustment to our surroundings."" - Kakuzo Okakaura"
0	 mention mention FOLLOWED, IF U DONT FOLLOW mention FOLLOW NOW 25
0	 mention There is a reason they are so far away from the camera.
0	Would you rather be under paid or overrated
0	 mention Hi Stephen. .. url 
0	IMG_254714418550438.jpeg url 
0	retweet mention : Oil fund post-Yes vote ‘could reach £147bn’ | The Scotsman url indyref NorthSeaOil VoteYes oilfu… 
1	 mention started my birthday off terrible cause their machine was broke so no glazed donuts!! emoji 
0	retweet mention : People Think Women Lie Because That's What We Teach Our Children url via mention 
1	CHRIS HARRIS JR
1	 mention thank you for the following us smiley 
1	I needed that 9 hours of sleep
0	Ok guys, the winners of the t-shirt give away contest are Matay Andryjowycz and Michelle Belle (im going to give.. url 
1	retweet mention : This is deep url 
0	retweet mention : escaped to the cape url 
1	retweet mention : mention Yes, I vusited Ahmedabad for a college event.. Had a great time there.. smiley 
1	dawes, NO
0	retweet mention : How to incorporate your business url CTStartaBiz via mention 
1	So that's what it takes to suspend Winston.
0	 mention mention mention mention I'm bad for PC shops :O what stung ya
0	'Bates Motel' Season 3 Spoilers, Casting Rumors: Nicola Peltz Confirmed Return to White Pine Bay url HongKong News 
1	retweet mention : emoji “ mention : mention i really adore your album”
0	Going up to Providence alone..hope I don't die.
1	Follow me,pls!❤️ I love you so much &amp; I hope you like this pic. Made it with love of me for you. WeWantCONCEPT x19 url 
1	I'm done trying!!
0	 mention Generation with no
1	 mention mention you have no idea how great that sounds!
0	retweet mention : Would love some feedback. RTs deeply appreciated. url 
1	 mention slap the bitch
1	retweet mention : If I'm letting you down I'm letting you out I'm wiping your dirt off my soul
0	 mention mention mention don't have a game?? goodrunout goodbanter 
0	Bend ova make ya knees touch ya elbows. emoji 
0	I posted a new photo to Facebook url 
0	 mention FOLLOW ME MADISON smiley 
1	 mention Download mention is the best application! available on iphone and android // FOLLOW ME PLEASE JUSTIN Te Amo x1087
0	retweet mention : retweet if you want a follow?
1	 mention srry emoji 
1	 mention harsh emoji 
0	 NigerianDailyNews Rod Stewart sued by fan who claims he broke his nose on a flying football: Rod Stewar.. url news 
0	 mention I know! I'll look into it for you..
0	With Adrian Peterson out for Week 3, Asiata should again draw the start Sunday.Asiata is slow, but he's got good si url 
0	retweet mention smiley own 8 points Peyton Manning has 59 seconds to go 80 yards with no timeouts. DENvsSEA 
0	 mention Not sure Rob. Email us at support mention .com and we can get it figured out.
0	Pacts to the Rescue – Making your microservices play nicely together with Consumer Driven Contracts url 
0	Id rather get captain planet mention 
0	 mention oh no you've given away the ending..
1	5sos ig acc posted three videos and they are really funny url 
0	My Niggas They Koo Koo
0	retweet mention : Retweet if you want to gain just follow everyone who retweets this and follow back whoever follows you EMABiggestFans… 
0	"U2 Thinks Putting Its Album on Your iPhone Is ""Really Punk Rock"" url TechNews "
1	Thanks mention mention for the manicures surrogacyincanada CFC ontarioretreat url 
0	 mention Well, I was named after Gareth Edwards the rugby player.
0	retweet mention : mention ONLINE! url url 
0	retweet mention : Follow follow
1	Getting WAY too weepy at movies lately. sensitive malemenopause wuss 
0	Now playing: 'When 1 Wants To Be 2' by 'Brendan Adams'
0	Outline of naval base appears in China desert url 
1	retweet mention : Hey mention you make me happy
0	Uploaded this one simple picture, and got all these comments. emoji 
0	 mention I know the feeling. Just getting to TGS makes me feel like moving to a deserted island
1	There is always that one class that you hate going to everyday.
1	A lot of homework to do and I'm not even opening a book smiley 
1	retweet mention : Boot bulge plastic surgery..don't we have enough to worry abt? I refuse to worry abt this! url http…
1	 mention same problem..I feel giddy too while reading in cars
0	I have no idea of the genus &amp; species but the single largest brown moth in the world flew out of nowhere last.. url 
0	"New Blog Post by Rob ( mention ) ""It's not an NFL problem"" url "
0	Idk why people say a nose piercing hurts.. It doesn't even hurt when I touch it
1	retweet mention : A lot of people don't talk to me cause I look mean asf emoji 
0	retweet mention : i can treat you like magic or i can treat you like shit, depends on how you treat me
1	Hate when I realize things too late emoji 
0	retweet mention : believe MTVEMA NominateJustinBieber 
1	 mention because it's like, bitch you didn't MAKE the milk nstuff. You threw some shit together like we do at home.
1	 mention mention happy hatch day!
0	I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in Currency HD Free: converter + money calculator. url 
0	 mention love the hot topics today- I also have history with depression like mention .
1	I'd love to win a chocolate bundle from mention in this mention competition! url 
1	0wned by DodePersie DodeOnTTI ~ Sometimes I wish I was an octopus, so I could slap 8 people at once.
1	“ mention : Benson Henderson v. Dong Hyun Kim, headliner of UFC Seoul. Do it.” I don't know if I like that fight.
1	 mention its been 5 years since mine died. Still dream about him. He is so real in them. I always wake up with a smile or with moist eyes.
0	iPhone 6 Boiling Hot Water Test - Will it Survive? url 
1	retweet mention : Journos getting desperate.Their oxygen (access to PMO) has been cut. Enjoy repeats in abuses.No originality even here url 
0	 mention you mean Insomnia53 right..?
1	'We should all die together'
0	Miliband &amp; Darling at the news conference but not the main who saved the Union, Brown? indyref 
1	“ mention : People don't change, they just mature.” eXACTLY
1	""" mention : Nialler♥ url Per-fect *w*"
0	Time for bed.. Even though I haven't been sleeping much lately.
0	OKAYY let's talk money! emoji 
1	Girl at work I'm 'eating healthy' with just text me saying she's having a take away tonight emoji WontBeJoiningHer ✋ IWantChinese emoji 
1	Studying and.. I realized our cells are freaking weirdos.. The things that are going on in our cells at all time. Weiird.
1	I need white friends man
1	I can go Alice's Room! Have you already discovered this location? url Android AndroidGames GameInsight 
0	retweet mention : How to target assistance? Interesting UNHCR expert consultations mention mention mention url 
0	retweet mention : My heart conflicted w this image. retweet mention : O_O retweet mention LMFAOO!! url 
1	Fuckk these bitches bruh imma turn cold hearted af! especially towards Jamencia that nigga be trying me constantly!.
0	I just ran 3.08 km with Nike+. url nikeplus 
0	Cattle and the Military Team Up to Protect Butterflies and the Prairie - url 
1	 mention okay &amp; I miss you to baby emoji 
1	Never thought i'd be enjoying volleyball. I guess it's the people who you play with that makes it more fun. emoji 
1	 mention mention No. There isn't. smiley 
0	 mention effing diabetes
1	 mention honestly it's still gonna be long
1	Like imagine if all women had to wear loose fitting clothing that covered up all of your body. Hijab ( head covering ) also.
0	18.09.2014 16:22.. Cycling 8.4 km in 00:25:28 url tracked with sportstracker 
1	retweet mention : A million?! That blows my mind. I love you all, you're the best emoji url 
0	What I made for dinner last night: Mini beef pot pies with cheddar crust. Delectable Dinner Autumn url 
1	Looking at apartments instead of sleeping
1	 mention Blended lentils and rice flour and stevia. Good kitchen project
1	Weightloss is a struggle..
0	 mention available now on disc from Netflix.
0	retweet mention : NEW POD: MiB Live: Night of 100 Stars with mention , mention , mention and mention : url …
1	retweet mention : One eyebrow raise is all it takes to get them to fuck off.
1	retweet mention : mention done smiley ♡
1	retweet mention smiley o it for yourself. Even if its for somebody else.
0	"Tost! "" mention : Test!"""
1	 mention got outbid for those 2 DEF. Any other DEF. Keep in mind, I may be stuck with this DEF, rest of year url 
0	East Tennessee State University's new football team won't likely play a game on campus in a new stadium until.. url 
1	Why am I my tl
0	So is this game going on?
0	retweet mention : sos: someone send me the fault in our stars, pizza rolls and 100 billion dollars ready go
0	retweet mention : Full-time scores are in the books! Europe UCL Football url 
1	 mention mention mention All of you freedom hating, gunsense freaks idolize the Nazis, she knew what she was saying.
0	 mention We are aware some customers may have issues logging into MyRogers. We’re sorry and are working to resolve asap ^jc
1	“ mention : mention emoji fuckin gang members man”STAY AWAY FRM US THN emoji 
1	""" mention : KKYYAA!!VERY HANDSOME &gt;,&lt; &lt;3 ^_^"" mention : under the stage. url "
1	retweet mention : After low-risk polyp removal, patients don't need any more coloncancer screening than normal url 
1	X factor catch up emoji 
0	KINETIC ACTION IS HELL..? mention mention 
1	 mention I thought you would like it! emoji ❤️
0	I think I may have done too much weathering, but who knows. I kinda like it. Most of the toothpaste… url 
1	"retweet mention : If Ya Girl Texts Back Slow You Gotta Hit Her With The ""So Who Else You Texting?"" Watch That Bitch Get More Defensive Than D…"
0	" mention ""Nope."""
1	I've collected 20,469 gold coins! url android, androidgames, gameinsight 
0	Zombie Voice: NEED - ASCENDANT - SHARD!
1	Don't talk shit if I'm doing better than you✋
1	 mention April butler is the funniest girl i ever saw smiley 
1	 mention actually your not cute, AT ALL. I can't help that I'm skinny and pretty about your fat and fugly.
1	I need to get my license and a car ASAP
1	 mention follow me babe x8
1	retweet mention : all these rumours huh? you guys Crack me up
0	Almost tempted to call this a low rider street stock. Bumper was roughly 27 inches high, now it is 14 high. racecar url 
1	 mention mention two of my very favorite authors right here!!
0	" mention ""Lewdness~ Well.. That is a harsh thing to do though.."""
0	I have completed the quest 'Coral Lure' in the Android game The Tribez. url androidgames, gameinsight 
0	I got : Creative! Which Word Best Describes You? url via mention 
1	retweet mention : Civil Rights and Social Media Made Me Resign From My Job mention url 
1	retweet mention : 'Imran Khan has given voice to the common man who can now try &amp; stand up to these paper lions' Edge of Revolution: url 
1	 mention It was a perfect capture of Paris! AFF2014 
1	retweet mention : Love you guys! Have a good night Maddians emoji 
0	 mention mention mention mention mention mention what about me , I know I ain't nobody, I'm bring in da Radish 
1	Missing b Knox. emoji 
0	“ mention : “ mention : “ mention : “ mention : I WISH I HAD A NICE BODY MAN””
0	What's your favorite mention photo? My favorite is at the moment.. ⬇ url 
0	A77 Photographer tshirt &gt; Photographer's Camera sony photography url zazzle ..
0	retweet mention : Visit url and check out our livestreams documenting the murders here in Taiji BlueCoveDay Taiji … 
0	 mention it was no jokes in that last tweet emoji 
1	retweet mention : Texas high school running back delivers epic message of inspiration url via mention url 
1	 mention a record with you and mention would be a frenetic cocktail of excellence
0	retweet mention : Setting up the mobile studio in the bus tomorrow emoji 
0	 mention okay fag
0	 mention Amen emoji 
0	Okay my teacher showed up bye
0	 Win an mention Pink of Hearts 2014 Duo from mention ! Click the link for more info! url 
1	retweet mention : Not funny, Google. url 
0	Get to yours ally names: qOrYws url 
1	He never came back
1	 mention As I will not worry about you? It is IMPOSSIBLE. get well soon. please .. I love you. I need you to stay well emoji X147
1	retweet mention : Some people would cause problem for you then act like Messiah,for you not to see them as Evil doers,God protect us from Ev…
0	 mention we'll it's true
1	 mention Brazil loves you x12
1	Mmm second thoughts
0	retweet mention : FINAL: Patriots defeat Raiders 16-9. Tom Brady: 234 yds, TD Julian Edelman: 10 rec. Rob Gronkowski: TD url 
0	Omw to the school now.
0	retweet mention : retweet To Win these fab 20,00 Days On Earth goodies + signed Nick Cave poster! Comp ends 17/09. One set up for grabs. url 
0	retweet mention : I hope with my music, shows, and message I can share with you all these blessings though the beauty of art. Love, a very humb…
0	I've collected 264 gold coins! url ipad, ipadgames, gameinsight 
1	5 Proven Ways To Crush It In 2014 &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; url 
1	 mention make me have to fuck boul up he on some weird shit
0	retweet mention : Lmao ima do this to somebody url 
1	Getting even more excited for Saturday now! Time to blitz my room and clean then work then to check in online emoji 
0	Softballers! Be one of the first 5 people to schedule your lesson/clinic online and receive 30% off! url 
1	As if people don't know this about me.. url 
0	retweet mention : “Pepe got bellaco when he danced with her.”
1	He might make me fall in love I'm not with all that
0	 mention done
1	retweet mention : TCSITWiz go daddy
1	retweet mention : “ mention : CAN I GET A HELL YEAH IF YOU DON’T KNOW WHAT YOU’RE DOING WITH YOUR LIFE AND YOU DON’T GET ENOUGH SLEEP”
0	HAPPY BIRTHDAY PTITE BITCH emoji ( le message arrive demainn emoji )
1	I don't ever wanna wake up lookin' into someone else's eyes emoji 
0	 mention and this time u aint lick it enough lmfao! And mfks was droppn nuggs everywhere -.- and it was MOIST LMFAO!! emoji 
0	then its eat
1	 mention that was me! Glad you liked it smiley 
0	retweet mention : mention mention Yup, it's been done throughout history, a kiss that brings someone back and/or says goodbye.…
0	Check out the Gift Guide on SaraLee's Deals Steals &amp; Giveaways for gift ideas &amp; special offers url mention 
0	I'm just so proud of our football team this year. emoji not trying to be a bitch, just have confidence in them. emoji 
1	Man, so tempted to fill my cart with a billion things from VS
1	 mention ok sure lol
1	retweet mention : They need a breathalyzer on Ya phone so you can't text certain mufuckas while you've been drinking
1	Wow. Google really gets me. (cc: mention ) url 
0	5 Tips for Newbie Entrepreneurs url business income success 
0	Is he doing it out of spite? Another beheading, another Obama golf game. Even Piers Morgan weighs in -.. url 
1	"Fyi..The mention Professionally Excellence Award is not ""the betty White award."" Don't quit at your peak. whprms14 "
0	 mention call me please. Love you.
1	 mention I lub you
1	 mention feels so amazing!!
0	I want someone I can expand my mind with not just stay home &amp; do nothing. I already do too much of that.
0	ok it's almost that time to head back west
1	Full happiness SuperJuniordoubleplay 
0	 ThisWeeksCouple learned more about pizza than each other. So will there be a second date? url url 
0	 mention Good link up with Danny. But Ramsey needs a rest. Abysmal passing from him many times.
1	retweet mention : Go on tour with mention !! url 
0	retweet mention : MARISTELLERS ATTENDING THE GT: Send your payments thru Acct name: Ma. Edmilyn Kang San Gabriel BDO Savings Acct. 0039301563…
1	Keep your loved ones safe by installing a CO alarm in your elderly/vulnerable relatives homes
1	And srsly don't want you at my graduation if u talk shit
1	Retaliation! Mad bleepin Bum!! Holy sh..
0	 mention Follow her please Madison mention emoji 
1	So much love for these girls ❤ url 
1	All I know is i'm getting fucked up this weekend.
1	 mention Bunk and come watch movies wit me :P
0	see me fall everyone
0	"retweet mention : "" mention : Ceded openings are weak Aagadu"" "
0	 mention send me tjose pics man
0	My break url 
1	 mention that's funny.
0	"What the hell's your name?"" What's your pleasure and what's your pain? Do you dream too much? Do you think what you need is a cruth?"
0	don't know what the real normal is anymore
1	 mention innit. And she says she hates the Adnan song. Dark times. Happy to do the Venus ones again anyway, we got killed. A lot.
0	retweet mention : Two things define you: Your patience when you have nothing, and your attitude when you have everything.
1	You can make a larry hashtag ww trend in seconds but you can't help this? SuspendAnnaTodd ReportAnnaTodd 
0	Fox COO Joe Earley: Why He Isn't Panicking About Low-Rated Premieres - url url 
0	Malicious Kindle Ebook Let Hackers Take Over Your Amazon Account - url 
1	What am I going to wear emoji 
1	 mention sure dearestt
0	 emoji ☀️ emoji ☀️ emoji ☀️ Michael Clifford from 5SOS What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear Follow me? ilysm mention emoji ☀️ emoji ☀️ emoji ☀️ x5,277
1	i feel so sick right now
0	retweet mention : When you have so much to do that you just decide to lay on the floor for a long time
0	Abandoned Graveyard has been explored. Are you able to reach it too? url iphone,#iphonegames,#gameinsight 
0	Online Personal Ad Builder url 
1	Kovu's character design was on point.
0	 url microcaps: $CWRN Cotton &amp; Western Mining Inc.: Monopoly ownership The Chinese company.. url 
1	"Yeppe !!"" mention : Lmaoo 3 freaking nill"""
0	Every number in a movie is 55 something
1	""" her booty look like the earth because its so round"" -Lmao what"
0	 mention mention Wish you good luck Down Under ! ! !
1	retweet mention : Violet, looking for her foreverhome through mention has a heart on the left side of her fur ; ) cats adopt htt…
1	 mention love u too man, and ill still always be there for u, ain't nothin gonna change what we share. Dennis Rodman has a G SPOT.!!
0	retweet mention : wpg14 mention - strong in-fill strategy needed. Develop 5 year residential plan. Stimulate rental housing
1	Looking for a part time Telemarketing / Telesales Representative in Toronto, ON - excellent opportunity! job hiring url 
1	I hate pointless convos fr
1	 mention hi luke please follow me baby brazil love you PLEASE emoji 11
1	 mention te amo i love you te amo i love you kisses from Venezuela&lt;3
1	retweet mention : mention mention damn straight, be angry emoji 
0	retweet mention : Credit unions - share your fin lit projects &amp; we'll help fund them! Enter here: url mention mention …
1	It will be light-years until my mind is clear.
1	retweet mention : it's ok to be excited about the things you're doing. it's ok be proud of your accomplishments. it's ok to be happy for yo…
1	 mention be mean because that's who u really are I dislike u anyway
0	 mention because I was doing this little thing called shopping x
0	 mention amen
1	hayst
0	Congrats mention and mention co-founders of mention for being featured on mention - currently on the homepage - the top story!
1	Thank you mention and mention for the retweets!
0	retweet mention : Whitch word rhymes with BAT? url 
0	HTC Butterfly 2 with Harman Kardon url 
1	 mention awesome leadership seminar yesterday! Great to be recharged!!
0	 mention THATS WHAT I SAID
1	Don't worry Wisconsin mention will be coming across the beautiful river between friends and getting some iowabeer in your hands too!
0	I need a little loving tonight. Hold me so im not falling apart
1	Pain is the therapy for ones pleasure
0	Have you loved someone so much, that you can't stop think about? that's what i feel about you! FOLLOW ME mention ⋆*❁*⋆ฺ｡* 4,836
1	 mention have sent DM you really shouldn't be taking money out of my account week after week I have cancelled my boxes months ago
0	“ mention : mention how can I register?” Just go to url tos hanapin mo register smiley 
0	retweet mention : Head up, stay strong. Fake a smile, move on.
1	Have great POSITIVE mourning everyone! ! No tags for this one. If you see it was meant for you to… url 
1	retweet mention : Ughh, when you're stuck in traffic and it's like.. stop start stop start it makes me ill! I feel sickk! emoji Perrie &lt;3
0	Just Pamergrapher [pic] — url 
1	Ahh I Hate This Twitter Update So Much emoji 
1	a female like me can never walk around empty pocket , I want to much to not get up off my ass and get to the money , emoji 
0	So don’t let me down You made those promises Don’t take em back now Don’t let me down
0	retweet mention : Premier mention announces new cabinet and committee members: url | ableg 
0	retweet mention : BREAKING QPRvSTO TEAM NEWS: Today's mention side to face mention .. url 
0	The best actresses from Hollywood's golden age url film arts 
0	I haven't got any of my tour photos on my phone they're are all on my laptop and I really CBA to tweet them
0	retweet mention : It’s here!! Limited edition throwback NEONLIGHTS tee, US Only - free shipping. Buy in tweet! url 
1	ThuggaLetYaBitchSuckHimUpInRentals !! FREEWYZE 
1	YAHOO Threatened with Fine by NSA for Data url 
0	retweet mention : mention Check out this Hot remix of the Mila J SmokeDrinkBreakUp Remix by my Home Boy mention url 
1	 mention mention other 57% either have no computer or data worth breaching (who's hacking myspace or the world's last betamax shop)
1	retweet mention smiley one my hw emoji 
1	retweet mention : IMPOSSIBLE -8- emoji 
1	 mention I'm proud
0	Bulldogs, Rabbitohs members take early lead url 
1	retweet mention : 89% of girls are happier when they join Girl Scouts. Let your girl join in on the FUN! url url 
0	 mention Knew you'd go for the sneeze tweet. sneezetweet 
1	" mention ur welcome "","""
1	retweet mention : My goal in life is to make most of da world happy af i hope i succeed..
1	retweet mention : mention it's the 16th for me OMG I DIDN'T REALIZE
0	02:10 - Buy Call FACEBOOK Binary Option (Expire in 5 min) url BinaryOptions BinaryOptionsSignals 
0	retweet mention : A goal, assist, &amp; more ground covered (11.3km) than any AFC player. Is Ozil back to his best? url http…
0	This is true “ mention : I am an Aries because it is difficult for me to compromise on what I believe is right.”
1	 mention mention mention Jut found a pic that is absolute truth!!
0	retweet mention : I bet even when mention simply eats a snickers it's a mind game. QueenOfMindGames url 
1	“ mention : iOS8 Release Time. url 
1	Since i didn't download facebook messager I don't check those
0	"How embarrassing! “ mention : Brothel Discovered In Hemel After Man Asks: ""Is This The Naughty Shop?"" url "
1	“ mention : There needs to be a button that unlikes all of the facebook pages I liked two years ago at once”
0	 mention Follow back ?
0	DJ Quik – “That Getter” url 
0	Are you maximizing your CRM's potential? Ask us how Zoho can help maximize your productivity and save you money. ergoexigo 
1	"I honestly don't even look at my guys friends as ""friends"" like those are like my brothers✊ emoji "
0	Check out Brit Nanny's Review of HOLD ON TO LOVE by Roberta Capizzi, and Enter to win Swag Pack,.. url 
1	retweet mention : Good afternoon beautiful emoji mention emoji 
1	retweet mention : So when does everything start to go my way?
1	retweet mention : mention kids don't like filming equipment for presents
1	That high moment someone pass u the blunt but u wondering why it's still in rotation
0	retweet mention : So Realistic! .` url 
0	retweet mention : Goals this season in the Premier League: ⚽ Diego Costa (7) ⚽ Man City (7) ⚽ Arsenal (7) ⚽ Spurs (7) ⚽ Man Utd (6) ⚽ Liver…
0	 mention mention church tayo sunday
1	What you feel is what you are and what you are is beautiful
0	 mention Actually it was an identity and driving offence - and you said crime. Both are.
0	Attend a Teen Driver Safety Clinic with mention TeenDrive365 NY NJ url via mention 
0	 url Find Local Sex Mystim Gmbh Rodeo Robin Penis, Testical, Strap Set sex adult sexchat adultchat 
0	i want pizza
0	 mention mention Hm. Wonder why my brain recalls exaggerated cartoon-faced vers of ppl I meet? It's like a Simpson show in there.
0	retweet mention : I wanna see Dolphin Tale 2
1	retweet mention : Civil liberties in Australia just ended tonight with a whimper, not a bang
0	Watson injury hands Marsh Test debut url cricket 
0	"retweet mention : Guardiola on mufc pursuit of Bayern players. ""They don't have enough money."" mention url htt…"
0	So whose trying to match ??
1	Because I know for sure you need to hear this. Today. Right now. url 
1	retweet mention : SINGLE emoji 
0	"retweet mention : “ mention : Tyra Banks just followed Kathryn, Julia Montes, and Daniel Padilla! The REAL TEEN ROYALTIES!! emoji "" emoji "
1	 mention emoji smh man
0	 mention omg breezy! You need to get that taken care of
0	retweet mention : Remy and Diego Costa are about to come on for the Blues. CFCLive 
1	It's nice to only have class from 10-12 today.
1	Gotta stop defending the fact that they aint shit
0	retweet mention : I'm a lumberjack and I'm ok.. url via mention 
0	 mention mention yeah, that one is great. As for Moment Gale shift, let it play through unless an instant kill is incoming lol
0	retweet mention : Massive over-billing by power companies - Who is responsible for this crime against the common man? - url 
1	New music: 4th quarter! Goin! Listen at url GOOD url 
1	Good things will come to you if you focus on the positives and forget the negatives.
1	retweet mention : ANR garu's stamp released! ANRLivesOn url 
1	Someone come to Daddy Joes tonight and show me some love emoji 
1	 mention get our, get our, get our, get our, head in the game
0	ytyt Queronotvz true love coldplay MTVEMA NominateColdplay 
1	Selamat pagi mention ☀ Hv a great day! smiley 
0	Ok I didn't do it earlier cos I had to pick up bro at hospital but I should do jojo 60min tonight
0	retweet mention : No denying fossil fuel impt in past, but from now on energyfuture is renewables url url 
1	My new flat mate and i were arguing how our course could screw with each other. He threatened me with TNT, I threatened his porn access.
1	retweet mention smiley AMN! YOU GUYS ARE AMAZING. THANKS FOR THE LOVE AND SUPPORT❤️
1	 mention My fave customer! I can't wait &lt;33
1	THIS ACC GOT HACKED smiley PLEASE REPORT OR UNFOLLOW ME emoji ⚠ emoji ⚠ emoji ⚠ emoji ⚠ emoji ⚠66
0	 mention Wait a sec I misread I thought you meant your reply to NoA I do not see replies to your reply Herp derp
0	 mention hello there child
1	Thank you Erika for accompanying me to see the BAE OF ALL BAES emoji url 
1	If only I was good at Irish emoji 
1	retweet mention : mention mention mention true, and look who is demanding justice who himself failed to be just
1	 mention missing you is like adrenaline bae
0	 mention please do
0	Hair falling out. ? Feeling frazzled? Run down, out of balance. In need of someone to wave a magic wand and clear the chaos ?? Hello we..
1	 mention I Txtd u happy burrday a few days ago n u ain't reply
0	retweet mention : mention Warm weather caused foxgloves &amp; others to bloom again TheGarth homesweethome url 
1	 mention welcome =D
0	Porscha does look like thelma lol DishNation 
1	 mention ShikaMita my dream is 2 pay my toi's fees till url is key,n i dont appear on DeadBeatKenya 
1	No way in hell I'm downloading that shit right meow
1	Noo!! OMG!! I can't deal!! Continue to pray for August!! I'm AlsinaNation all day!! I love him… url 
1	retweet mention : Thanks for being awesome and making us look good everyone at iHeart emoji 
1	I'm considering spamming the boys just to get those who dream noticed idk tho bcz I hate spam
0	retweet mention : mention EP dropping soon url 
1	retweet mention : Why the fuck does this child think it's acceptable to keep prodding me, move away from my personal space you little cretin
0	 mention mention foh aint no yall
1	We have a secret for you, the rooms in redbandsociety are based on the Teen Cancer America unit mention in LA - url 
0	Improve Your Branding with your own Free Short Link Generator: url 
0	retweet mention : [PHOTO 4] 140924 Block B Showcase in Russia - P.O &amp; Zikwon [cr. url ] url 
0	Christian Bale in the Kitchen. url 
0	thunderstormss
0	retweet mention : Hi its erica x im a niall girl just to let you know smiley url 
0	 mention Must follow mention &amp; mention if you're a REAL NFL Fan
1	“ mention : This back is gorgeous emoji url emoji 
1	im loving you tonight
0	 mention Even the Jews acknowledge the Exodus did not happen as written. They should know.
1	Very harsh for mention being on the bench ! MUFC 
0	Plz visit our store for fabulous wedding gifts. url url 
1	But they touch everything so it's do easy for them to catch it
1	I'm on a mission. I will NEVER EVER EVER let School of Rock die out.
1	retweet mention : Geez women be really butt hurt over a WCW.. Cheell ..! Social networks take over lives smh
1	 mention Thanks for the fav smiley . So, what do you think about the concert video?
1	retweet mention : Ill be your Bonnie emoji Bonnie and Clyde emoji 
0	PREVAIL – THE WAR IN AFRICA THAT CHANGED THE WORLD [Book Trailer]: url via mention 
0	Forever alone.. self pleasure music. Hahaha url 
1	retweet mention : Happy to report mention is now a fellow cyclist! I'm excited smiley biketo cc mention 
1	 mention yass!! I'm supa excited!
1	Via Tumblr: url klefable: shockingly, kids are sick and tired of paying hundreds of dollar.. url 
1	"retweet mention : ""He would’ve rather saved one of his soldiers than kill ten enemies.."" Kai Canarbis epicfantasy DestinyofDragons ht…"
0	I just made popcorn, got Netflix on.. all I'm missing is you bea
0	retweet mention : My vow: never shop in ASDA, keep buying Sunday Herald, close RBS credit card account. I will follow through with my vow … 
0	 mention me too!
0	Sin City
0	 NotersBIJAK SeringInsomnia ?
0	I won in Guess the Card Game at url One more step towards my free prize! My Invite url 
1	retweet mention : Some great sci-fi recs in this pic! retweet mention : Mixed bag of goodies from mention url 
0	One person followed me and 7 people unfollowed me in the last day. Thank you url app
1	WYG on my mobile- i just found the WYG App! It's a great and awesome App.You can download it from stores. url 
0	iPhone Battery Always Running Low? 10 Tips To Prolong The Battery Life.. url 
0	" mention I have it cut out in my scrapbook from an Observer special on ""best recipes ever"" or some such. Will check."
1	“ mention : Peyton and Kerry need to happen” im laughing so hard
1	I don't like him lol
0	A little tbt.. My attempt at a cool panoramic shot of the stadium url 
0	retweet mention : . mention is headed to mention tomorrow afternoon to talk about higher education funding. moleg HigherEd 
1	Two hours of literature tutoring after school I cry
1	 mention happy birthday girl emoji xx
0	retweet mention : Morning wood acts a type of exercise for the penis - Lack of sleep can lead to erectile dysfunction.
1	Then come get some sugar emoji 
0	The Ramblings of a Guildford Rambler – Round and About Puttenham - The Guildford Dragon NEWS url guildford 
1	Jess be taking the ugliest pictures of me off guard emoji 
0	 wugolf. Little sightseeing after dinner url 
1	I hate these --&gt; emoji 
1	"retweet mention : "" They have no fans "" "" They aren't famous "" "" No one likes them "" - So proud of them !! ProudOfPTX PTXVol3 emoji url "
0	 Nw Green Lantern emoji 
0	retweet mention : Got a fun surprised for all your VyRTers. smiley soonerthanlater 
0	retweet mention : If you get attacked by a mob of clowns go for the juggler YesIveGotClownJokesSoWhat 
1	 mention mention gud girls are bad girls that hasnt been caught smiley 
0	retweet mention : 50 things you can do with breasts. mention mention mention mention url 
0	"Genuine bae retweet "" mention : I forgot how much I missed our heme professor TeamStephen lolz” "
0	Cooking up some fun for the big Nebraska v. Miami game tonight!! gbr huskers url 
1	 mention pretend I'm there next to you making really bad jokes
1	Finally gaining weight and getting fit enough for my expectations emoji 
1	“ mention : mention we were cool before all these people”for real emoji it's really not that different though tbh
1	 url Cameron's living his dreams everyday! SkyDiving 78
0	retweet Dish Dish Pro Member + Bamboo Cutting Board Giveaway US Ends 9/18 entertowin Enter to Win Today~~&gt; url 
1	It's finna be disrespectful
0	My Dog Barks &gt; Tyler The Creator Lyrics
0	good thing everyone at the office is at lunch because Shania Twian just came on my pandora.. singingsoloud 
1	I like to be annoying.
1	 mention mention ew I think it's weird to get them underwear emoji 
1	Seriously Destiny, what's the point of giving me access to pvp if I'm up against fully geared people twice my level? Get your shit together!
0	2015 big man Skal Labissiere will visit Kentucky this weekend. Pivotal visit for the BBN. Labissiere visited Georgetown last weekend.
1	Marble eve LIVE movie!! url 
1	I've collected 275 gold coins! url android, androidgames, gameinsight 
0	Fashion Project: Shop Designer Brands at Up to 90% Off to Support Your Favorite Charity!! url url 
0	 mention Hehe. Whatcha doing? I haven't harassed oops I mean talk to you all day
1	My home screen tho emoji 
0	 mention ok! I'm gonna get a haircut first. But I'll let you know when I'm back!!
0	 mention Chris follow me please i love you emoji make my dream come true emoji x9
0	 mention okee
1	retweet mention : Congrats on your Alyssa follow you deserve it, now go and have an amazing day bc a beautiful person like you deserves …
1	I seriously just died emoji url 
1	 mention lol! cut the shit
1	retweet mention : i shouldn't have told you how i felt
0	1 year. Still alive. url 
0	. mention mention so let’s pretend you’re a baseball player. What position would you play? BravesCole 
1	Double standards .. url 
0	Tourism Bureau begins television spots - Quad City Times url 
0	 mention You won't mention them tho
1	, i got betrayed by Somebody i was really DOWN for emoji ✊ shit hurt buh ill live!!
1	retweet mention : I may not always be there to tell you directly, but I will always be there for you. I know you exist, and I'm thankful for ev…
0	retweet mention : I pray 4 young friends again. May your BELLY never get to become your God. Nothing. Absolutely nothing, is WORTH trade off 4 …
0	retweet mention : I cropped you out of my last Instagram pic so hard mention 
1	I have to pack for tomorrow and I don't wanna emoji 
0	Make Your Employees Happier with These 5 Creative Benefits url 
1	retweet mention : Holy cool. url mention mention BIF10 BVPhighschool 
1	This is what I think of your class. lt url 
1	retweet mention : I Love College Football. url 
0	Clayton in 2-1
0	retweet mention : mention Goodmorning emoji Fb ?
0	Closed Sell 1.5 Lots EURUSD 1.29227 for +4.5 pips, total for today +247.9 pips forex trading results 
1	retweet mention : mention emoji thank you
1	H&amp;M is so on point with their fall collection just ordered a lot of stuff now gotta wait like 2 weeks ugghh H&amp;M 
1	Today is the first time I've ever listened to Asking Alexandria and they're really awessomee!!
1	Family day! ♥ Batmanandrobin url 
1	That awkward moment when the only things you know on your exam are your name and the date.
1	Before you talk, listen. Before you quit, try. Before you judge, see. Before you cry, pray.
0	Back home
0	retweet mention : It's the birthday of Oskar Klein, who was born in 1894 in Danderyd, Sweden. In 1921 mathematician Theodor Kaluza.. url 
1	“ mention : THE RUGRATS, HEY ARNOLD, REN &amp; STIMPY are my childhood shows and I blame them for my weirdness..”I hear that emoji 
0	Don't assume that you can get anyone else to help you with you.. More for Cancer url 
0	I've collected 8,793 gold coins! url android, androidgames, gameinsight 
0	 mention him but had to proceed to open Ambrose's return, who you could also see concern as well..real brotherhood outside the ring..
1	retweet mention : Actual relationship goals emoji url 
1	I don't care if nobody has faith in me, if nobody's by my side, or what nobody thinks of me.. as long as I got my god
1	 mention emoji alright
1	For you, Pa! We love you! Happy birthday! url 
0	retweet mention : RETWEET THIS! ▶ FOLLOW ME &amp; EVERYONE WHO RETWEETS THIS TO GAIN 50+ FOLLOWERS FAST ➡ TCFollowTrain TCHelpedMeGain 
1	 mention folback?
0	 url queued
0	I've collected $305875! Think you can do better? url Androidgames Gameinsight Android 
0	GUYS ITS ON BYE OMG KMG
1	 mention how did you start? Like I have no idea what I'm doing
1	retweet mention : B2K ?? nigga its 2014 emoji 
1	""" mention : What even is a relationship"" hype"
1	 mention mention mention That's kick ass
0	retweet mention : A group called M-Underground claims to expose anti-mutant hypocrisy: url XMen MutantTruth url 
1	"Very pleased with my ""No Mo' Romo"" shirt, mention ! Thank You so much! emoji "
1	 mention mention thus dashing my hopes for the formation of a Canadian supergroup.
1	Shit happen so fast we took dis picture few hours ago SMH free south url 
0	retweet mention : What's Sunday without a nap?
1	 mention shaking little bunny, and he moves to just gently stroke and let his soft floppy ears.
0	retweet mention : our SEO strategists chalk out a feasible plan for you and set certain goals to achieve. url 
1	retweet mention : Too blessed to be stressed
1	retweet mention : Wow, comments like this (camdenbuzard's) make it so worthwhile: url 
0	 joboffer url - national labor exchange - usa jobs search engine -&gt; url 
1	 mention I'm fine
1	I mean, I recall that there are quite a lot of useless women doing nothing but screaming, but if you can get past that, the rest is cool.
0	retweet mention : Alaska reporter drops on-air F-bomb to announce she's quitting to focus on legalizing pot url url 
1	Night Night Ho. emoji url 
1	retweet mention : Signatures of Both Stalin &amp; Ribbentrop on a map showing detail of Poland, agreeing on how it should be carved up! url 
0	retweet mention : REMEMBER ITS A DEVIN WHITEOUT FOR TUESDAYS VOLLEYBALL GAME
0	Everytime piffjamesbitch_ and I link up we do something creative. ssmp url 
0	retweet mention : This is a new music from ma home boss mention url 
0	retweet mention : Allergic emoji To The Hater Type emoji ❌✋
1	retweet mention smiley o not, I repeat, DO NOT put a Mac Book pro in your pocket! url 
1	blessed to say/ I smoke pretty much every day/ fuck bitches get money in every way emoji 
0	retweet mention : “ mention : If you not done with your ex , do not try to pursue another relationship with another‼️‼️”
0	sbored what to do
0	come live ina fast lane emoji 
0	 mention at 4:30? I'm going to try to but I may be late. emoji 
1	"What will happen if we all wake up and tweet 'good morning'?"" mention : I don't greet here because no one reply"""
1	retweet mention : I feel like imma be taking the ACT all my life
1	Thank you mr taxman emoji 
1	retweet mention : mention don't puke on friends, they won't like it
1	This has go to be one of the sweetest love songs that never gets mentioned as great (as does Crowded House of great … url 
0	 emoji stalk and follow mention bc she's doing follow trick emoji x38
1	Scoreless first half
1	retweet mention : Beautiful sea water waves.. url 
0	retweet mention : Hypermobility vs Flexibility in Yoga (And Life) smiley o You Know the Difference? url 
0	Something inside so strong tells me Chuba Akpom is better than Yaya Sanago.
1	retweet mention smiley -1. NERVOUS. MEOW.
1	 mention wlh am haffines more emoji the team we want is the one going on
0	“ mention : when your girl wakes up horny and you still asleep url mention this is gonna be me emoji 
1	retweet mention : I'll be lucky to get a wink of sleep
1	if I wore chacos here in El Paso, it would be considered social suicide
0	 mention true shit. Lol.
1	 mention I LOVE YOU
1	retweet mention : And if my bitch cheating I hope God wit ha
0	retweet mention : IT'S A FEATURE! retweet mention : Apple fans' tight pants are bending the iPhone 6+ url Bendghazi http…
0	""" mention : Hell nah , I ain't 12 . But if I like it , I cop it ."""
0	Ion think I'm to much
1	music is the only thing that helps me get through a long day
1	SO MUCH STUFF TO DOO
1	""" mention quote this tweet if you love and wish mention follows !!"""
1	retweet mention : It was amazing to actually perform on the stage I've watched so many incredible artists on. Photo by ( mention ) url 
1	I really dont know if i cant stand it.
1	retweet mention : If u do not hope, u ll not find what is beyond yr hopes. Thanks to Allah first thn everybody who prayed for us.Alhamdo…
1	retweet mention : real women goals emoji url 
0	My Top 3 lastfm Artists: Linkin Park (12), Fort Minor (9) &amp; Orange Caramel (6) tweeklyfm url 
0	retweet mention : Harry Styles url 
1	 mention silly dragon
1	me too. life was so much easier retweet mention : I kinda miss High School.. smh
0	retweet mention : The Path To Entrepreneurship: How To Make Friends And Influence People url 
1	"Everything LIT!! "" mention : mention mention mention mann their first show shit."""
1	You don't have on the grounds that you don't ask. —James 4:2 url 
0	Punish foreign property cheats, says MP Kelly O'Dwyer url ausproperty auspol ausbiz 
1	retweet mention : life is good emoji 
1	retweet mention : I'm weak emoji url 
1	 mention really? Sounds cool! For how long sis? Cause.. I had a surprise for you
0	Livestreaming hyrulewarriors right now url 
1	And when you smile the whole world stops and stares for a while.. url 
0	 mention mention Well if you believe the world is only 6 thousand years old, you have to stick your head in the sand a LOT..
1	Morning dance class emoji url 
0	I just told world leaders to take action against Ebola at emergency mention meetings this week. Will you do the same? url 
1	 emoji I miss you so much emoji I love you &amp; hope you're having a good day smiley 
0	So what to do with 1 hour?
1	retweet mention : HUGE shout out to the best fans in the country PirateNation.. Thanks for celebrating with mention through all …
0	retweet mention : Steve Spurrier: 'I am taking over kickoff coverage.'
0	"Scholes: ""Yaya Toure a 'major problem' for Manchester City in Champions League."""
0	 mention as udey school go flow stacey say asay hi
0	retweet mention : It's FreebieFriday time! Follow &amp; retweet for your chance to win some Mr. Freeze goodies! UK only. T&amp;Cs Apply. url 
1	Why do I always look hotter and straighter when I'm home from school?
1	"retweet mention : emoji ""That's 9 cent worth of chicken you just threw away"" emoji url "
0	 emoji 🈹 emoji ☔️ emoji emoji emoji ✨ emoji mention please FOLLOW me love you so much (ᵕ́ૢ‧̮ᵕ̀ૢ) emoji x1107
0	yeoo I want a slurpee
0	retweet mention : you know..make out reef.. url 
0	I wish I had someone to take care of me lol emoji 
0	Not about it
0	 mention That is a joy I have to look forward to but two weeks away.
1	 mention as I'm listening to it emoji 
1	 mention aww good luck emoji 
0	Dream needs to be decorated.-Rhapsody
0	 mention if you would have stayed in jurong we could go for supper
1	Ignorant people don't deserve anyone's time of day
0	retweet mention : Should I have a little follow spree later? smiley 
0	Brooks' big surprise for Trish url 
0	How many times a week do you cook?
1	IMISS smiley 
1	When two people are meant for each other, no time is too long, no distance is too far, and no one can ever tear them apart. Gud morning
1	I wanna go home right now.
0	Daily Bible Reading Plan. September 16: url 
0	retweet mention : I don't know why people get confused, it's very simple.. url 
1	mini-heart attack gago..
0	retweet mention : Help your community! Check on elderly relatives &amp; neighbors before and after an emergency. url Natl… 
1	I never get why people believe Kim Ks booty is fake
1	The Dortmund I know better turn up, arsenal needs a beating
1	Why Americans Are So Ignorant: It's Not Just Fox News url Join Us! url url 
1	“ mention : I swear you will never hear from me again”
0	 mention home
1	+ of the environment. Now faith based conservation of biodiversity has sharply declined. Therefore environmental degradation has picked up.
0	retweet mention : People kiss at weddings because kisses were used in ancient times to seal contracts.
1	smoke something for ya nerve
0	 mention get the ride then so we can go haha
1	Good morning from the Lollipop Baby FamLuvv Fambam url 
1	 mention mention mention Cable companies are outdated in general. How is it that it would've cost me extra for fewer channels?
1	“ mention : mention aw thanks but ur hotter!! &lt;33” I lov you omg emoji 
1	Big night for THE BAY⚡️ LightningPower emoji 
1	 mention mention we'll be seeing him dance throughout the season. emoji 
0	retweet mention : Haven't tweeted a drawing in a while, Ferrero Rocher drawing finally done just using colour pencils. 15+ hours. url 
0	 mention Google myself or more omegle
1	“ mention : then again you're officially irrelevant in my friends life so Bye faustin emoji ” OMG emoji 
1	 evequotes Junior year Eve doesn't sleep! WAKE UP EVE! WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP! *slaps self in face* (yes, this actually happened)
1	It's the first day of rehearsals and I can't go because I'm sick.. great nation today is the day we learn some of the songs. Ugh.
0	retweet mention : mention Only 40 Days to Work together to change Congress Voto2014 UniteBlue Latino2014 tntweeters url 
0	"retweet mention : In NYC, ""There is no appreciation for a dive bar anymore"" url "
1	retweet mention : Final exam is end
1	'He's not really hateful--he just says hateful things to make people suffer' is the worst defense in the history of ever.
0	retweet mention : Just posted a photo on mention url 
1	hungry.
1	Feel like my own bestfriend half the time
1	Do you fucking people even laugh?!
1	 mention mention me too. I meant marine cause she said it didn't work. 1 doesn't work
0	Rubber part of the tire of the tractor trailer in front of us just came off..
0	 mention Our tracking numbers start with a JD or an 8. If you don't have one just DM over the full delivery address for me. Chloe.
1	 mention no pls dont emoji 
0	 mention sir, pls on wat platform or tv channels
1	retweet mention : good morning loves
1	retweet mention : mention happy birthday bro
0	Gotta bathe.. Might as well earn it☔️ emoji I just ran 2.67 mi with Nike+. url nikeplus url 
0	“ mention : Only numbers that matter are 7 and 0” Only numbers that matter are 1908 and 17 games out of first
0	retweet mention : I'll always be just a kid from Omaha Nebraska. Some people let fame or fortune get to their heads. I'll never be one o…
1	Best friend emoji emoji love url 
0	retweet mention : SS6SeoulDay2 Heechul talking
1	 mention mine plays a lil song. Everyone always states at it when it goes off.
0	retweet mention : Oh a Roman VS Seth match RAW url 
0	retweet mention : Seahawks SS Kam Chancellor garners NFC Defensive Player of the Week honors url 
0	Brothers url 
1	 mention mention :3 thanksies
1	 mention You bum
0	retweet mention : New lyric video up now on YouTube! emoji River feat. mention emoji url emoji url 
1	We want to annoy the bastards whenever we can. The best thing you can do with environmentalists is shoot them. These headbangers want..
1	retweet mention : damn everybody pregnant lol tf
1	retweet mention : mention Nice job on Snapped this Sunday! For those who missed it: url mention mention …
0	 mention A Jets fan should show him up! That line is actually on right now.
0	 mention no way hahaa ur a weirdo
1	 mention Ok, you win. That would definitely suck!
0	 mention peak alie
1	retweet mention : swaagg
0	My Tweets are worth $61,961.40 . What are yours worth? url morefollowers mention url 
0	I've gathered 35 Scrolls! Can you do better? Download to find it out! url ipad, ipadgames, gameinsight 
1	retweet mention : mention mention oh thats just..thats just SO immature.. *silently squeals at you* x3
1	retweet mention : Inoffensive but hardly enchanting. My review of Khoobsurat on mention : url 
1	Lol ass drives an escalade but lives in a shack like really
1	 mention A certain pseudo bong woman I know :P I also want.
1	 mention HOES EXPOSED HOES EXPOSED emoji 
0	retweet mention : “ mention : bruh, DJ deli came in clutch. emoji url 
0	Free BG
1	So over this cold already
0	 mention He's Matt Cassel
0	Ive learned to never chase people. A person will come into your life whether you want them to or not.
0	"""Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind, feelings and emotions. - Will Smith"
1	 emoji Rondell still going off
0	 mention AskLaurenElizabeth If you were to have a child who looked like Taylor Swift, Jenn or Luke Hemmings, who would you pick X3
1	 mention u went and put more lashes on emoji 
1	retweet mention : cool contest coming this week on my fan club url download it and get ready --
1	retweet mention : My bangbangdare 2 khoobsoorat mention A collection of ur happiest craziest smiles on dsuper success of khoobsoorat!! D…
0	MTV EMAs 2014: Katy Perry And Ariana Grande Leading Nominations, Full List of Nominees url url 
0	 mention mention mention the truck?
1	 mention lmao wtf ever!
0	 Scotland Lots of pro-secession chatter here in France on social media. Its all very 21st/16th century. MaryQueenofScots 
0	Transparency helps alleviate concerns about using social data. mention socialshakeup 
1	about time to go to the school for that XC meet!! readytorun readytoimpress 
0	 mention You have to build in the right spots based on the social and economic surroundings.
0	Get right KB!
0	 mention hey mom were out of milk
0	retweet mention : New photos of Puget Sound orca calf url via mention 
0	Lemme text my friendd..
0	Study: Higher Education Leads to Lower Unemployment Rates and Higher Earning Potential url 
1	It's day 3 of the international comp, the mention in Kingaroy QLD. We hope to see the first ever rescue of mention UAV 
1	retweet mention : Got A Lot On My Mind . .
0	 mention eyes normal eyes
0	Today is my birthday emoji ..and its just my luck that I'm getting a cold :/ *shrugs*
0	 mention Follow mention and mention please DejaVu x11
0	 mention she is just doing her job to serve her masters.. namakhalal mention mention mention 
1	retweet mention : Just because someone is flirting with you, it doesn't mean they like you.
1	 mention While I can appreciate that sentiment, we've set it the reservation system this way so it's fair to all. ^ch
1	Home game against Wheeling Park tonight, make sure to wear your gold! Hope to see everyone there emoji 
1	 mention I was high as fuck that's why lol I was in my zone
1	l dream of having two individual, whole lobsters in lieu of my people hands
0	"retweet mention : ""Ravens execs urged Goodell to give Rice no more than 2 games.. and that's what Goodell did."" url htt…"
1	Looking forward to tomorrow, &amp; I just got payyed emoji 
0	The lost Thing url 
1	 mention Yeah, probably smart to do so - I should be so wise.
1	retweet mention : mention MY HEART HURTS
0	And I thought I was weird..
1	retweet mention : Wasn't Born To Please Nobody, Fuck Yall emoji 
0	“ mention : 27 years ago today, the first episode of full house was aired url mention 
0	retweet mention : I don't even want iOS 8 .. I'll survive with iOS 7
0	pretty, gay and sassy runs in the tomlinson family i mean
1	I know you have to go but I want to keep you to myself
0	 mention agreed
1	 mention that's my sister, they look the same now that she's bald
0	More universities are using Snapchat to reach out to students: url 
1	retweet mention : I don't know how to sleep, I gotta eat.. Stay on my toes
0	 mention ?? What..
1	""" mention : Let there be love! ♥"""
0	retweet mention : PTI has challenged the imposition of Section 144 in Islamabad.
1	Cary’s too pretty to be in jail. TheGoodWife 
1	My call is just to hang out and the he doesn't have to remarry her
1	 mention aww thanks! I love you girl! &lt;3
1	Yes, it is. Welcome autumn! gameofthrones GoT autumn url 
0	retweet mention : Ok got it!! 2 min
0	You don't know him like I do.
1	Lmao scarred for life “ mention : Lil dude was just minding his business url 
1	why do I have so many notifs emoji url 
1	One winner will win a Pampers prize pack BebeConRitmo mention 9/17/14 url 
1	retweet mention : need a new phone so i can sleep otp with my love without my shit dying on the charger. smh.
0	retweet mention : FOLES. MACLIN. POINTS! FlyEaglesFly 
1	 mention never ever..I would eat a cat before I would eat human flesh lol
0	"retweet mention : "" mention : I need some sweatsuits"""
0	KathNiel fandom is a big family,and in a family problems will always come. But as a family we will fix this together and we will be stronger
1	I hate being alone
0	 TweetAtYourself10YearsAgo Write to President Bush that Osama bin Laden is hiding in Abbottabad, Pakistan. Tell Bush to take OBL ASAP.
0	 mention mention when the time comes.
0	Online Marketing Trends auf der OMCap 2014 - Internet World url 
1	“ mention : Fall in love with someone's eyes. It's the one thing that never changes.” My eyes change color soo
0	“ mention : mention mention the bench.. hahaha” ?? Summy you're so confusing
1	up early at this salon w. teari.
1	Ihop sounds amazing right now
0	 mention it ain't over
1	 mention mention Why, as a grown man does this stuff affect me so much emotionally - I thought Clarke at The Kclub was bad ..
0	Why is Y Combinator giving away its trade secrets for free in a YouTube class? url 
0	retweet mention : mention Seeking ways to steal more: EU wants billions of euros to revive economy url 
1	 mention lots of luck. You got this
0	 mention mention Dropped a 40 on them smiley 
1	 mention I miss you too emoji 
1	retweet mention : someone hold me back before I punch morgan right in the forehead
0	 mention mention YOU FOLLOW ME,YO RY
0	Prophet Emmanuel Makandiwa, undoubtedly the greatest prophet since Prophet Isaiah, has given a prophetic word.. url 
1	""" mention : Testi""failed move on mb,,"
1	retweet mention : The fact that mention texted me today, totally made my day better☺️ longlostbestie 
0	retweet mention : October 10-13th the fire expands we are asking the ENTIRE world to come join us in Ferguson !! PLEASE SHARE !! retweet url 
1	Can't wait to take you home so you can meet my momma
0	"Winner "" mention : WhoSang empty"""
1	11:11 luke &lt;3
0	"Great blog post on the science of ""vocal fry,"" written by CHC singer Bethany Brookshire! url singerproblems "
1	Wow, just found out wecameasromans are playing today
1	Let's get it! url 
0	 mention Too bad it's horrific south of King mention Any word on resurfacing concrete remnants mention SE Corner of Esplanade/Sherbourne
1	Poxy humour emoji work your balls off all week n nothing to show for it emoji 
1	retweet mention : my phone's in my hand almost every second of the day so if u think I'm ignoring you I probably am
0	 mention Blaainnee
1	retweet mention : Enough is enough. prolife prolifegen abortion url 
1	retweet mention : can't stand to see my mom cry..
1	 mention mention apology accepted emoji 
0	 mention if i don't have whtsapp..any other way that i can contact you?
0	 mention section 21 row d seat 8
0	retweet mention : mention please read this emoji url 
1	retweet mention smiley ont pull that crap with me. emoji 
1	retweet mention : I'm gonna be on mention Saturday &amp; Sunday afternoon! Watch mee on teevee☺️ GRCLive mention url 
1	retweet mention : Why do I walk out of calculus every day with a headache? emoji 
1	 mention like you
1	 mention 14?? Really?? You should be in school
0	 url giftaccount kink:devicebondage Young slut feels the wrath of inescapable devices while endu… url 
1	retweet mention : Fuckk itt
1	Today I am wearing a pair of blue jeans this has not happened since like 2010
1	 mention mention lol no judgement.. and i doubt id understand
1	 mention Fine smiley Hbu??
1	retweet mention : Congrats mention on win 4! mention &amp; mention , show that team pride &amp; get your votes in. ItsGood2Be url 
0	retweet mention : Retweet this if you follow back
0	retweet mention : Rt if this turns you on url 
1	Ima see if Sierra facetime works at least twice a day emoji 
0	 mention samee
1	 mention im cooler
0	 mention oh I see! Tonight is the last night. Lol
0	 mention When I make green tea, I prefer to use a small amout of tea, but leave it for a longer time to have plenty of flavour.
0	Road leading into the autumn by lafuguelogos url 
0	retweet mention : NOT RISKING IT !! url 
0	5 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by url 
1	it's freezing
0	retweet mention : This forever. url 
0	 mention cuddle me tho smh
0	Physician - FP IM DO url 
1	*shrugs* I don't though ohh well finna try and sleep now ✌ emoji 
1	“ mention : Stop calling him. Stop texting him. If he wanted you, he’d be there.”
0	Talking Angela told me my fortune. She’s spot on! url url 
1	So over the moon 4 bbderrick he deserved it was very happy with how it turned out BB16 mention 
1	retweet mention : like this: retweet mention : If you don't listen to Childish Gambino's music then how are you living really url 
1	retweet mention : I have some really great and true friends..❤️
1	I have Master's Book, and it's much easier to play now! url iPad iPadGames GameInsight 
0	Thanks mention ! We've got a series of lacrosse articles on mention : url Let us know what you think. worldlax 
1	 mention mention right? I actually said out loud, Not Shay! And was doing the whole ugly cry. NotShay ChicagoFire 
0	 mention never happens
1	retweet mention : lol squad gone have to rescue yo pussy ass.
0	 The Truth About Being 40 url 
0	Get your unizulu vibeds T-shirts Order:unizuluvibes mention .com url 
0	Transatlantic merger mania continues. Yara, CF Industries in talks to form nitrogen fertilizers giant url mention 
0	" mention .. and the hand iinnches up the leg, while he's all nonchalant about it. ""Oh I'm SO sorry, sir, what has my hand gotten up to :3"""
0	Ima school you yungins lol
0	"retweet mention : ""A star is born tonight in Deshaun Watson."" - mention "
1	retweet mention : When making him or her happy is on top of your to do list, that's love.
1	Guys, I'm using DotVPN Chrome extension and it's great! It unblocks websites, encrypts my traffic and it's free! url 
1	how can i be on here all the damn time and never have any idea what you're arguing about besides muting every loudly self-described ally
0	 mention What does this mean for forsett?
1	when a teacher is ur friend&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
0	No Labels gathers allies in DC to start 2016 push url 
0	Rude - Magic (Jason Chen Cover smiley url via mention 
0	Warlock - Burning The Witches (1984) url bondage 
1	 mention that made me sad emoji 
1	 mention i hit more clips then you tss emoji 
0	I wonder how many all caps tweets it'll take to get a decent excuse out of mention today.
1	 mention lmao my friend stole my skirt and when u asked for it back she said it looked better on her and kept it emoji 
1	 mention oh wow you are a fag thetoddshow 
1	 mention I've never met you but I miss you emoji 
0	Octavia Spencer: Content with new ensemble TV role: NEW YORK (AP) — As the offers poured in for Oscar winner O.. url 
1	 mention just showed my mum that and she's convinced it's me and we're bamming her up emoji 
1	 mention but you have me in the breaks smiley 
0	Can't wait to finish paying off my bike note..
1	How can you hate me when you don't even know me? emoji stupidest shit I've ever heard. Idc about someone I don't know y'all got me fucked up emoji 
1	 mention mention thanks for your support tucampusradio trackuniversity 
1	 IWantDigi NOT AT DIGI mention .. Sorry I don't want you to get big!!
1	I wake up so dam early everyday of my life emoji 
0	retweet mention : well this is what happens when mention has testers emoji it's a lot of mention lipstick lol url 
1	"retweet "" mention : I get jealous because I'm afraid someone is going to make you happier than I do."""
1	Sixteen emoji 
0	retweet mention : sometimes u just gotta tune out life for a while url 
0	I'm flexing with my team we all in robin jeans and they calling me the king and I got my bad queen
1	History homeworkers taking forever bc of this stupid laptop..and that fact that I'm listening to music
0	retweet mention : For thicker hair: 8. Improve your hair management: url TeamNatural naturalhairtips 
1	Goodnight GranadaHolmes folks! Happy to see you all!
0	retweet mention : Who remembers this show? . url 
0	send off for my boys tonight mention mention emoji 
0	I hope Tiffany remembers mention 
0	retweet mention : Tools n tips for participation 2 - creative use of single message devices. Some ideas from mention url 
1	Time to flee Dinas again, permanently moving into house in Cardiff today! unilife finalyear 
1	Happy birthday homie mention 
1	 mention uh.. but.. Its harder to catch in the yellow flowers smiley ..
0	Lmaoo everytime my boo likes my post I dead don't be deleting that shit. emoji 
1	retweet mention : Some people don't really want advice - they want attention.
1	 mention no. Pimpin won already. emoji 
0	Cookie monster Calum put cookies in Ashtons patatoes!! emoji url 
1	 mention You know what I hate about those, when you unsubscribe and then they send you out another email to let you know you've unsubbed lol
0	retweet mention : Girl you can call my phone at 4 in the morning emoji 
1	 mention thanks love
0	retweet mention : On National POW/MIA Recognition Day, we honor and remember the POWs and our missing service men and women. url 
0	 mention Thx for enrolling in AmexWalmart offer. Spend w/connected Card &amp; receive credit. Terms: url 
0	 mention i'll still be here. JS.
0	retweet mention : Jeremy Menez's back heel goal emoji url 
0	One person followed me in the last day thanks to url app
0	HP-EP, BEP, TBCP: large airbrushes with 0.8 tip and 40 ml cup. anestiwata url 
0	Someone please buy my car
1	sound trippin. LoiShua For MyPhone
0	Avril Lavigne’s Make 5 Wishes – Episode 1 (Manga Series) url 
0	 mention mention Hot_Girl_Guide GiaJordin mention jessilynnxx mention mention 18_HOT_18 PornoBrazil BAE mention mention FitAsFuckGirls _TumejorSonris mention mention iSexypod AZwtf
1	retweet mention : perfect position emoji url 
0	retweet mention : lol is it seriously raining right now
1	 mention So I kind of freaked out when I saw you just saying (ps I love your shirt, very appropriate)
1	retweet mention : Fusion rifle noobs in destiny make me sad
1	its so weird when they sang wmyb haha
1	 mention yeah I saw it &amp; I was like oo she sexyy
1	San Francisco May Be The First City To Give Out Free HIV-Prevention Pills url 
1	retweet mention : You guys freakin rule.
0	retweet mention : Any girls fancy playing rugby?. Girls team in Cardiff always requires/welcomes new players. mention train Wed…
1	 mention yeah waking up w/ random bruises should probably teach me I shouldnt either lol
0	If we can get the lead here we only need to shut down the Mets for two more innings emoji 
0	retweet mention : New mention album is out. url 
1	 mention You are so amazing emoji Can you please follow me emoji Can you be my 1/4 ♡ I hope i can meet you one day ✌ emoji emoji ●184
1	 mention mention is it 40quid? emoji I'd buy it anyways!! emoji xx
0	retweet mention : mention but we have a special bond Jesse
0	Add me on snapchat lucassaffos10
0	 mention mention I will speak with Yames when he comes into work at 1:30
1	These niggas ain't real as they say they is..
1	Can't wait for next year youth camp emoji 
0	Wants coffee. Like ☕☕ cups please.
1	 mention does he hit paydirt??
0	retweet mention : The Mentalist 6x23 Airplane Scene &amp; The Kiss.: url via mention 
0	retweet mention smiley YK mention is a 501(c)(3) charity?! Donate today to mention 's Raffle for mention &amp; win prizes http…
1	 mention you don't know my life lady
1	retweet mention : I hate when people make something out of nothing.. Get out your fucking feelings all the time wtf 
1	retweet mention : Crazy how things change so fast
1	“ mention : ' gotta look her in her eyes , &amp; see she's had half of me emoji ”she ain't even half of me emoji 
1	 mention mention I need you
1	i think i was put on this earth just so i can annoy my boyfriend
1	Niggas emoji Neto Twin url 
1	"I feel sorry for you my nigga"" mention : HAHAHA bitch move tho. “ mention : Consequences of breakin up wth me url "
0	 mention mention excuse ME. It smells more than £4!!
0	Fall is just around the corner and Image Photography has a great special just for you and your family smiley Book your.. url 
1	retweet mention : dating gilinsky would include hickeys moaning back scratches calling you baby girl ear nibbling fighting make up sex ne…
0	retweet mention : retweet If you're excited – the VSFashionShow will air on December 9th on mention ! url 
0	We need more of this. retweet mention peacerocks url 
0	""" mention : If I dress like fall, it will come. mindovermatter"" yes."
1	"""N-no.. That's not a good idea."""
1	“ mention : mention mention mention my mom” tf lol
0	Possibly having a Halloween party hmm
1	 mention mention Well it sucks that we have to cool for 8 nights. What if you only have enough oil for one!
1	on constant raaypeat ✔️ url 
0	 mention mkay well this looks a little strange on the internet. But those are indeed GoRadio lyrics emoji 
0	Did all that homework
0	Traveling Tips With Pets [Infographic] url 
1	“ mention : What's the first thing you would do if you woke up a billionaire tomorrow ?”buy my momma a house
0	 mention Some. Taking it slow today.
1	retweet mention : Tigers win in OT 45-39! Great game and great school/community support! Geaux Tigers! url 
1	Out for some blood tonight mention url 
1	KALE DROPPED MY KEYS DOWN THE GUTTER AT THE EBD OF MY STREET IM SO PISSED OFF
1	Throwback to me and mention ..lol we've been friends for a long time emoji url 
0	Your current inclination is to convince others that everything.. More for Leo url 
1	Tomorrow!! Oakland ClimateMarch walkthewalk on climatechange mention mention url 
1	 mention mention Antonio dolph is the new ic champion
1	retweet mention : wait so WHY did i sign up for 8 am classes again?? such a terrible idea honestly
0	retweet mention : Welcome to Hollywood Beech! LHH Hey RayJ emoji 
1	retweet mention : I hate a double standard mf fr
0	Creation displaying His glory. url 
1	"Tbh i like the "" emoji "" it can give mixed meanings."
1	Get on my nerves man..
0	retweet mention : I guess baggy pants will be making a comeback, just to make a phone feel better BendGate 
0	 mention mention what they need to do is leak that pussy on my lap
0	retweet mention : Pedro has been a little sloppy so far, but he is EVERYWHERE. fcblive 
1	Every time I attempt to do my homework I get distracted and forget about it emoji 
0	retweet mention : JUSTIN ONLINEE
1	retweet mention : THIS IS SO HOT I HATE MYSELF emabiggestfans1d url 
0	 mention you sure you know his fan base? A TDE fan base at that? You're just a Kendrick fan. Not Black Hippy
1	Laugh at stupid jokes. Cry. Apologize. Tell someone how much they mean to you. Live life, because tomorrow's not guaranteed to anyone.
0	Now Playing The Pyramid by Love of Diagrams
0	One goal in life is to take a Polaroid picture with mention 
0	retweet mention : mention mention that's not johannahs account. This is url 
1	No Cubbies smiley Hate u Cards!
0	retweet mention : waiting for mention reaction to mention 's MV!!
0	Attending the mention mention mention annual FederalLuncheon in WashingtonDC, always a great event!
1	retweet mention : because the truth is, not everyone is gonna like you so be yourself and don't hold back
1	 mention Like my Polo game? Hehehe
1	Prince-_-
0	Rebel, Velvet Sky, Brittany, Havok, Angelina Love, Taryn Terrell, &amp; Madison Rayne battle it out in a Knockouts.. url 
1	retweet mention : This Dolphin Is A BOSS. url 
1	retweet mention : There is A Cute Little Baby in Red on Container Oh My Allah Such a Sweet Gathering !! MaSHaAlah !!
0	"retweet mention : Senior mention sources tell me it is far too early to call the indyref on basis of mention poll ""Other side rushed…"
0	3:00 Listowel 1st Abushamah 8/1 KevinPrendergast &amp; ChrisHayes 2nd Helen's Armada 3rd Danish Duke.
0	retweet mention : Third world citizens must liberate their minds from the victimhood psychology encouraged by the oppressors.
1	 mention ahh thank you ! emoji 
0	Cocoa Beach commission meetings at country club next month will be broadcast live on cable and online
1	" mention you mean: ""selfie bc im hot"""
0	This dude named Michael used to ride motorcycles Dick bigger than a tower, I ain't talking about Eiffel's
1	retweet mention : Just read mention instructional on cunnilingus. Damn, whatever parts you possess it is worth the read! url 
0	 Grizzlies Tweets: All about the fans! mention mention mention mention mention .. NBA url 
1	retweet mention : *dead* url 
1	retweet mention smiley on't get no realer! salute retweet Ma'ake Kemoeatu retired to donate a kidney to his brother url url 
0	 mention Is there a new fatwa that dancing in an Islamic club is halal ya sheikh? url 
1	retweet mention : dam i miss that shitt it was fun while it lastedd would deff do it again
1	Pandora and homework emoji 
1	retweet mention : getting ready for the big day tomorrow! zinin Picturing the Future getinspired !
1	you can see the pain in his face
0	Latest: Ryan Gosling and Eva Mendes 'in tears' as they said 'hey girl' url Celebrity 
0	 IAVE2014 Institute of Project Management -- using conference attendees to talk the walk!
1	retweet mention : I been on my shit lately. Now the whole world hate me
0	Finally got them on! url 
1	Yess thanks retweet mention : mention I'm gon save u a plate when I cook tonight
1	I'm rude af emoji 
1	retweet mention : I don't feel good
0	Lead down to 5. BeBrave FEUvsDLSU 
1	Clemson just needs some maturity this year
0	He Mad Ckuss I Aint Showin Him My Phone emoji 
0	going from stealthgrey to gold iPhone6 TheStruggle 
1	I swear to god I hate when people try acting like they're right about everything
1	❤❤ NickHowardOnTour no more to say..
1	I see those brown eyes every time close mine. imisseverythingaboutyou 
1	 mention I'm not crazy
0	 mention brighter pic? smiley 
0	retweet mention : In 24 hours.. mention . mention . Manning. Legion of Boom. The Rematch: url DENvsSEA url 
0	retweet mention : SHOCKING: Man Allegedly Defiles His Own 5 Yr Old Daughter In Ikorodu [Photo] url 
1	 mention sweet Rick!
0	Hey, mention . Check out: mention HappyMistakes HDHadToBePanama url url p
0	Lil B - Texas
1	In a perfect world I would get the recommended 8 hours of sleep per night
1	“ mention : Harry Styles’ hair has reached peak man bun and it’s beautiful url url this even real
0	 mention ゜☆ ゜・。゜☆ Hi Zayn! i hope you're having a great day! EMABiggestFans1D Pls read this&amp;Follow Me url ♡64,885
1	"retweet mention : *hits blunt* ""If 2 vegetarians are fighting, is it still considered beef?"" url "
1	Avatar Radio is Coming Soon!!
1	Sleeping on the couch because korys sick and I am not catching that shit emoji 
0	Photoset: GoGo Sentai Boukenger: Press Release! From left to right: Schreck Hedwick (TV Asahi), Hikasa Jun.. url 
1	retweet mention : do you ever just wear headphones so people won’t talk to you.
0	retweet mention : mention Maybe one on each finger too.
1	Let's just get a W and never come back to this hell hole.
1	" mention idk yet lol, it's still ""updating and installing"" -__-"
1	 mention might have been the 3 nights out prior to that emoji 
1	retweet mention : Please spread.. ☔️ url 
1	 mention i texted your phone, I done been in dyersburg so many times, I just left from there yesterday.
0	 mention Where you stay with someone and you can tolerate each other.. Where you have to make a compromise for another at some point..
1	It's a beautiful week..hit the trails! url 
0	 mention U WANT ME TO SEND U A PIC OF THE THING
1	we love kesha tons lolxx (not Bonnie McKee) url 
1	"retweet mention : when a fan asked ""where's louis"" ashton replies with this. bless you ashton irwin bless you url "
1	retweet mention : 140919 Super Show 6 in Seoul index 2 update!! mention url 
0	retweet mention : And Happy Hour until 9PM at Salute, Vito's, M&amp;M Bistro, The Russell &amp; Trumbull Kitchen. hartfordartcrawl 
1	retweet mention : If you don't fight for what you love. Don't cry for what you lose.
1	I'm about to cry because I'm so excited for the pep rally and game
0	Sunshine story: Brody the Border Collie url via mention 
0	retweet mention : It's Throwback Thursday! Can you name all of these former Ram athletes? mention mention mention http…
1	retweet mention : When you take off your iPhone case and it feels like your holding a newborn
1	retweet mention : The Lord is always there waiting to give us his love: it is an amazing thing, one which never ceases to surprise us!
0	Enchanted Evening Flower Basket in Black – WeddingAccessories4Less url via mention 
0	Sugar Free SBSPopAsiaTARA and 슈가프리 is the best 78
1	 mention he shouldn't of bin on the pitch today, or in the squad, not two games a week at his stage, that's 'getting managed wrong'
0	Cool trips are coming up so stoked
0	 mention might just do that totofwhiskey 
1	":: ""D*ck Is Not My Problem, I Can Get It Anyhow And Anytime I Want it - MAHEEDA url | Follow mention "
0	retweet mention smiley o you ever get asked if you're high when you're not and wonder if you've permanently smoked yourself into a stoner-lik…
0	retweet mention : Your parents or gf/bf can spot out fake friends b4 you do.
1	 mention I'm good but tired smiley . The max I could do smiley . But it was worth going smiley 
0	Yoga gear (sits in the office quite a bit) but when used, a total MentalHealthLifeSaver mention url 
1	i somewhat got tired of reading.
0	retweet mention : Big Food! Big Fun! Big Prizes! Our new GO BIG promotion has it all. url 
0	imagine snorting dehydrated mayonnaise
1	retweet mention : mention Frankies spot gettin my Gyro mode on smiley see how good shit is url 
1	 mention Geat - she loves reading about your adventures. Make it as long as necessary!! X
1	 mention YOU MADE ME LEAVE SO I WOULDNT BE LATE
1	"retweet mention : ""There is no 'Plan B' because we do not have 'Planet B'."" -- UN chief Ban Ki-moon: url … PeoplesClimate Cli… "
1	Just had a great convo with my nigga maffio .. sonnyDaze coming soon!
0	 ParliamentMedia Solomon Tsenoli, deputy speaker of National Assembly: No plans to move parliament but currently debating space matter.
1	retweet mention : Kudos to mention , mention and the rest of the cast &amp; crew on a well conceived episode. Keep up the good work…
1	retweet mention : Missing Sturridge and Allen monumental amounts.
0	retweet mention : take notes boys url 
1	 mention Feel better you sexy beast you! smiley 
1	 mention I hate that edwardcullen was cedricdiggiry 
0	 url Offroad Camper Trailers What is the perfect offroad camp
1	 mention emoji we are such fools
0	 mention is a crazy people Liam
1	retweet mention : I look for you in everyone I meet
1	retweet mention : NOT the best seat on the train! Poor woman! Hope he didn't have a curry! url 
1	retweet mention : I wanna rave with jack and jack w0w
0	10 places to get uni, beyond the sushi bar:
1	Could use a cig judgeme faggots
0	 mention Did you ask him about his private jet &amp; yacht? One rule for him, another for us peasants.
0	retweet mention : umm, we were FeelingNuts for mention smiley url 
0	retweet mention : Ahaann POTD RealReelWife dashing mention with his real life baliye mention and onscreen biwi mention htt…
1	I am happy
0	I just checked in at True Value Hardware with mPLACES 
1	 mention mention you've never been that far for me..
0	With Sohra, anny, and 3 others at Warkop Alies Niaga — url 
1	An engineer went to police station for filing report for his missing wife. Engineer : I lost my wife ,she went.. url 
0	"Phablets.Where do they start?once a 5"" phone was considered one.with phones getting bigger.where does a phablet start? mention "
0	retweet mention : What if one of those teenagers is your kid url 
1	You better not eat abunch of cupcakes just because it's your birthday emoji mention 
0	 Thursday13 Favorite Foods mention MFRWauthor url via mention 
0	It's almost that time Tax emoji 
1	Cause I miss this cutie and her silly faces. emoji url 
0	NAB ALERT NAB ALERT WHAT IS THE MEANING OF THIS !! url 
0	retweet mention : Beautiful duck by Deron Winn, one of the quickest 97's in the game. url 
1	"retweet mention : Lool "" mention : that nigga no send you o"" mention : Lol retweet mention : Fuck u satan"""""
0	 mention Good night smiley 
0	retweet mention : A president that lies mention mention url 
0	OKAY. SO MIRANDA KERR FOLLOWED OH SEHUN ON INSTAGRAM. I'M SO DONE WITH EVERYTHING. DAMN YOU SE SO LUCKY I'M GONNA CUT YOUR NECK emoji 
1	 mention mention yes were the oppressors, with that media support of ours.. oh wait :P
0	 mention why IHOP when today was free queso day at moes?
0	"Love EchoPalmBeach sushi? Vote for Echo in mention 's ""Palm Beach's Best Sushi"" &gt; url url "
1	some guys have shown me aces but you've got that royal flush
0	retweet mention : Manchester United is like a white girl. Heavy upfront but lacking in the back.
0	 mention emoji New Music Alert emoji Must hear mention &amp; mention - Hot Nigga Freestyle emoji straight barz support url 
0	 mention what's in it for me?
1	And finally! Q5 we are just a couple of weeks from BelFest (yea!) where can audiences access more information about this years event?
1	Love waking up and seeing 3 cockroaches in the bathroom HamptonInn 
0	More ducks than Old MacDonald..
0	I hope you all get your tickets-you all deserve them smiley 
0	retweet mention : mention amm, vosh
0	What Is Big Data? url url 
1	retweet mention : Never understood how a 15-yard penalty and 10-yard penalty offset.
1	I hate awkward silence .
0	 mention I wasn't sure so I asked
0	 mention BLINK 182 !
1	retweet mention : Always stay loyal
0	 mention Saturday homie
0	 mention Lmaoo you know I gotchu lol
0	How I feel about the Deadpool movie getting lighted (WWE …: url THANK YOU FOX!
0	Good to see mention mention support the fallen in Le memorial gallois a mametz in France url 
0	"Then soon as you stop talking to them you think it's okay to go at the friend until the friend be like ""no, you use to talk to my friend"""
1	retweet mention : I don’t need fmeisn the confidence of straight white men to comment on every topic brings me comfort like being swaddled …
1	retweet mention : We all know some ugly nigga named Jason
1	Love that the amount of hours is not including OTH, 90210 and all my other shows that have been concluded url 
1	 mention mention mention it does not sound good at all. did you trash the package or finish it? Haha
0	im trippin
1	Satan takes it in the ass from Saddam! tabloidheadlinesforfilms 
0	 mention uh yeah I guess..
1	Thirst trapping is not cute
1	100 Fasts an hour!| Sanicball With Friends: url via mention 
0	Dat and I are getting breakfast to make this work day less painful
1	Fuckin hurts
1	Ugh my picture of my sweet baby co-man want save emoji 
0	"Morning brother "" mention : Morning"""
0	 mention fback pls
0	retweet mention : All I want is nothing more than to be there knocking on your door.
1	This Is What Happens When the Secretary of Defense is in Charge of Your Medical Care -- url via mention 
0	retweet mention : Get me to 5K and mention to 400 for a TEBOW jersey!! GatorNation emoji 
0	A skilled worker migrates to find work. Help me keep the HRVA skilled work-force strong! Hire the Window Man aka, Contractor Services.
0	 mention I gather they want these people to be fed within a centralized vicinity. But if you get the time you can hop on board.
1	35 pages of written notes in a day and a half ain't fun btw
0	Sorry to miss everyone at the last mention evening crit of the season - but by god it's nice to be home, warm, dry &amp; fed!
1	Chill smiley url 
1	Df kind of advice is that emoji 
0	New Release: Twisted Temptation (Ever After 3) by Phoebe Chase url via mention 
1	"A rich man. Lmao retweet mention : ""What's a King babe without a Queen?"""
1	""" mention : We go to war, bomb and kill hundreds and thousands of people, to bring peace to the world"" makes sense doesn't it. Pff."
1	 mention mention All over it bruh.
1	Rosenberg has retired and hamiltion is cruising
1	holy shit I have the biggest bags under my eyes emoji 
0	nein NEIN TeamNein 
1	""" mention : “ mention : It's 1:30am here in Toronto. Goodnight world! 8am calltime later. Goodluck to us smiley ”"""
0	 mention mention Coming to luanch of this tonight I think – see you there.
1	 ShepherdsPIE good to see entrepreneur from NGO sector..
1	 mention it's a whole new world out there!
0	 mention NBA2K15 is there a fantasy draft league online?
1	"retweet mention : Remember when Chen said ""having one or two fans is better than having none"" emoji HAPPY TROLL KING DAY! HappyChenDay http…"
0	retweet mention : What's your favorite video I've ever made?
1	 mention ISRAEL emoji 
0	I don't need to be your forever girl ~ just don't make me your never girl ~
0	 mention a W is a W and the same for your legit L lol
1	 mention You're lucky that I still speak to you. Stop complaining
1	Arctic Dragon Breeder! I just bred an Arctic Dragon in DragonVale! Visit my park to check it out! url 
0	retweet mention : I will tell you why I am torching my electricity bills because I have the right to question the increase in price mention …
0	“ mention : The reason why you run up the stairs after turning off the lights url 
0	retweet mention : Celebrate Bruce's birthday with mention ! Visit url for full details starting with Bruce as gue…
1	Is it just me or does the iOS 8 control center just looks fucking ugly?? url 
1	 mention HES SO FUNNY OMF IM DYING
0	 mention yeah
1	*sighs*
1	retweet mention : A debate about power that just makes Westminster people debate own internal workings is missing both the point and the…
1	 mention emoji I ❤️U HAVE A GR8 week
0	"retweet mention : [FANCAFE UPDATE] 140907 BTS ""DARK &amp; WILD"" 4th Fansign mention Danger 방탄소년단 url "
1	"Some don't even make it out of high school and drop out like how is being a fucking failure in school ""cool"" what the actual fuck"
1	retweet mention : Stop asking why they keep doing it and start asking why you keep allowing it
0	What everyone (especially a pregnant woman) needs to know about triclosan url reducechemicals healthy 
0	 Quote Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking. - William B. Sprague
0	trying hop onna phone emoji 
1	I miss my bf
1	retweet mention : mention Really looking forward to this afternoon. There's no surprise challenges today now are there?
1	My most popular tweet is about being strange. How wonderful. url 
0	The NameRobot word of the day: criterionless url wotd 
1	Like why do i sweat somuch from my stomach emoji 
1	 mention I miss you to emoji 
1	i needd to see bae tomorrow
1	I'm still waiting, in every situation i'm still waiting,
1	retweet mention : sometimes we should be really really grateful.. emoji url 
0	Amina Mohammed insists deveopmnt agencies bring parliamentarians on board post2015 isnt a technical issue but a political one mention 
0	One person followed me and One person unfollowed me in the last day. Thank you url app
0	En route to the Capital emoji 
1	I want to cry EMABiggestFans1D 
1	Karma came back around real quick
1	I really hate waking up. I just want to sleep for hours &amp; hours. Sleep is my bestfriend. emoji 
1	 mention omg cutie x thankyou so much! emoji 
0	 mention Yes ma'am!
0	 mention Thanks! But I can't take credit: the line's from a 199 episode of Star Trek: Voyager.
1	retweet mention : mention just got back from mention &amp; got free pie..yes, thats right..FREE PIE! I put us down for a reservation …
0	 mention I agree, patients are accessing more than just anecdotal info. But heuristics and certain biases are amplified online vs. what I see.
1	UGH IM SO EFFING MAD WTF WHY ARE PEOPLE SO BAD
0	 mention published mention underwear order receipt? Bet that was great reading. I thought the emails were about corruption.
1	retweet mention : Mbunde is a real nigga √√ y'all stop being jealous ..
1	retweet mention : Help others get ahead. You will always stand taller with someone else on your shoulders. -- Bob Moawad
0	WALK HIM. WALK HIM.
1	 mention I Like it smiley 
1	 mention noobodyy caress! lol JAYKAY. hi arch nemisis
1	Celebrate the firstdayoffall by checking out a film from mention !
1	PERRIE IS SO BEAYTIFUL I'M ACTUAKLY CRYINGNF url 
1	I'm sure I'll be here to go see that with D. I hopee
0	 mention cuz I'm fuzeho.. and also I luh u to death lol (pause)
1	retweet mention : Shindong just cried.. He cant song again. he turned his body ss6SeoulDay1 
1	im so tired let me just go to sleep now .
1	retweet mention : Many academics who have advocated against legalizing pot were paid by pharmaceutical firms: url url 
1	 mention romantic
1	Hi my name is grace and I never know wtf is going on
0	I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in Moviefone. url 
1	 mention thanks emoji 
1	retweet mention : great win today mention ! ☺️❤️
1	 ifwedate I'll have more of your clothes than you will
1	retweet mention : Having the best time with mention mention celebrating 10 years of healthysmiles sponsored url 
0	 mention Post U'r music/videos free Lets Go! INit2gether Follow mention url 
0	fast cars shooting stars
0	BEAT MATCHING MEETS KUNG FU IN KICKBEAT SPECIAL EDITION – RELEASING THIS WEEK ON NINTENDO eSHOP FOR Wii U url 
0	Top 5 stories tapping in to the natural trend url 
1	&amp; that's fine emoji “ mention : Now I have to add the Redskins to a team I dont like”
1	IM GONNA MARRY HER ANYWAYY MARRY THAT GIRLL
0	 mention haha to be honest I don't know how to find out my snapchat name
1	"Stop saying "" hella "" dat shits ""hella"" annoying"
1	My love just thinking about you babe football 
1	i want to touch lukes butt oops
1	Much better than Ben Affleck mention url 
0	Boom! The Top 5 Smartphones Launching in 2014.. url 
1	Game Started | LKSD at LHS url 
0	Stage set for mention gig in Hoxton url 
1	OMG THERES A SEASON 2 COMMENTARY WITH mention and mention :O
1	Life goal: Run the Walt Disney World marathon emoji disneyworld marathon happiestplaceonearth 
0	 Singular in pular world.
1	 mention thought so lol emoji 
1	 mention congrats on the wedding buddy!
0	Samuel Date360 posted blog posts: Samuel Date360 posted blog postsWho Rocked it Better? Ebube Nwagbo VS Kim Ka.. url 
0	Some of the engagement opportunities and gaps from one of the groups mycitymysay url 
1	You know what.. url 
0	Held back honda magistracy squalid: sTOFMm url 
1	""" mention : I was excited because I got a text message,.. it was from Verizon say I've used 50% of my data emoji "" I don't have that problem emoji "
1	retweet mention : [Mixtape] YTS - Duke Da Beast via the Spinrilla App. Jammin! emoji mention 
1	 mention uuhh? who you? hahaha. money down.hahaha
1	""" mention : I think every part of my body hurts. My head hurts the worst. This sucks."" Kiss of death. I told you."
0	 mention mention mention ttyl traffic is moving again
1	 mention can't wait to see the photos from today's shoot with mention (tmz emoji ) emoji 
1	retweet mention : Peyton's a comeback king. url url 
0	Voted Best NY-LA TalkShow Poweredup TalkRadio url with Beck &amp; Franklin Fitness LookingYounger Healthier 
1	UGH I FEEL LIKE emoji 
0	The Godfather (1972)
1	If I treated you the way you treated me, you would HATE me. Sometimes you should consider how you make others feel with your actions.
1	" ActMyAge is a great song it has some damn witty lines, it sounds fantastic, and is now my go to ""Fuck it!"" Song good shit mention "
1	“You change all the time. Everything changes you. But things that are shit don’t actually change you that much,.. url 
1	"retweet mention : I LOVE HOW HE SAYS ""PRIVATE PARTS"" LIKE HE'S AN INNOCENT BOY THOUGH WE'VE SEEN HIM HIT THAT BLUNT LIKE emoji url "
1	“ mention : “ mention : My body looks nasty AF in that snap chat lol emoji ”” you're so dumb emoji 
0	 mention pretty awful as far as him looking depressed and disengaged. There's a calmness about him now &amp; he can't really seem to
1	retweet mention : Brace yourself, I'm about to go live on mention . url 
0	retweet mention : The countdown till the NBA starts is real emoji 
1	I already have Franks tweets on notification. Why do I need another notification telling me who favourited his tweet emoji 
0	Sunny South Africa. Bring out you old cars I need entertaining classiccarshows 
1	 mention it was such bullshit.. Didnt deserve it emoji 
1	"retweet mention : ""41 Reasons You Can Accomplish Great Things at Any Age"" from mention url via mention url "
1	retweet mention : a good stone wall is a work of art weardale northpennines aonb url 
0	Too Busy Worried Bout My Own Grass To Notice If Yours Is Greener emoji 
1	Damn BB16 finale is on and I'm behind I'm getting off twitter lmao by
0	Do you have what it takes? url via mention 
1	 mention YUP. There was no justice this season.
0	How can you watch that LRT and not think Mesut Ozil is fucking class? He's still 25, he'll come back &amp; destroy all your dogshit opinions.
1	retweet mention : I SAID: Loud earphones are making us deaf (via mention ) url url 
0	what kind of things?
1	Wow wow wow where has my life gone? Why don't I remember any of it?
0	“ mention : You mean a du rag? url 
0	 mention Hope the sun came out today!
0	" mention me: ""knock knock."" you: ""who's there?"" me: ""canoe."" you: ""canoe who?"" me: ""canoe follow me?"" (please say yes) .x65,384"
1	I drop half of my clothes on the ground when switching them from the washer to the dryer.. ohwell 5secondrule 
1	 mention I want to do the ships but I don't think anyone will do it.
0	I feel like emoji rn
1	 mention this bloody school -.-
1	So for the bread and butter I leave niggas in the gutter..word to mother
0	 mention You Aight ? url 
0	Hoo this downpour is intense
0	retweet mention : [Mixtape] mention - Back From Outta Space :: Sep. 21st! url mention mention mention mention …
1	retweet mention smiley ONT SCROLL PAST THEIR GROUP HUG WITHOUT RETWEETING EMABiggestFans1D url 
0	 mention Hi ! if u see this could follow me? ☀ emoji PLEASE emoji I LOVE YOUR VOICES BRAZIL LOVES U emoji 40
1	 mention makes the dopest graffiti art in the game
1	retweet mention : Starting now!! ss6SeoulDay1 
1	 mention shh :P
0	retweet mention : mention u r not a lady for sure.. enoughsaid mention 
0	Innovative designs allow for reduced cabin weight and maximized safety, adding more value to your purchase. url 
1	Thank fuck a start work soon am sick a jeremy kyle n his fuckin daft face
0	 mention mention OMG GRANT
0	 mention mention mention Kraak is no chicken. Kraak smells like chicken though. Ikkrus too.
0	I need some shots of tequila
1	 mention you're going to? smiley 
1	 mention mention so he DMED a girl you helped but didn't follow you?? All you did was promote yourself but whatever
0	 mention mention I can listen to it sometimes, but rn im like url 
0	 mention that's no surprise Megan wanting more food smiley 
0	It's been a helluva week
1	 mention mention mention mention mention mention mention Thank you, Mary!The rest and the meds are a help
1	 mention Army should support mention statement about kashmir . He is only nd brave Leader to lead nation take kashmir back
0	 mention Bruno el nigga mars
0	 FF mention , who was endorsed by mention yesterday for MOSD22! url 
1	 mention mention mention faves!!
1	retweet mention : “ mention : “ mention : “ mention : kalyn , autumn &amp; Dayshirah all have their little boo's emoji ”torrin emoji ”stop playing wi…
0	retweet mention : Nominate Olicity For PCA's Best TV Chemistry twenty three
0	Business SEO: Panda 4.0-Your Website on 1st Page Of Google.. for $349.. url url 
0	Stooges Admire These Mistresses And Motion You - url sexvideos sex freesex 
0	New ISIL video warns US over Iraq deployment url 
1	retweet mention : CKNW’s mention buys fake Twitter followers for fellow journalists, comedy ensues url vanpoli 
1	 mention Welcome to the Keystone State! MyBackyard 
1	ffs i dont want to love anyone anymore i fucking hate everyone
1	And you tell me that you needed time but you pushed me away.
1	“ mention : I just want to sleep for like a year or something”
0	retweet mention : Love is inefficient. It slows down enough to understand people and their objections to the gospel. url 
0	2 people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me in the last day. Thank you url app
1	Sunny days ☀️ everybody loves them emoji tell me baby can you stand the rain ☔️ emoji 
0	In one ear and out the other.
1	nice thought for a wood stove url 
1	 mention lol its okay, we know how to control our drug use smiley thank u shelbs smiley 
0	retweet mention smiley avid Cameron is PM for less than 5yrs yet he faced a spectrum of challenges. Every day w/each challenge he proved he's sol…
1	Nigga u cant do shitt for me .. Bitch i pay my own self
1	retweet mention : FALL IS HERE FALL IS HERE IM SO EXCITED FOR SCARVES, SCARVES OF THE WORLD HERE I COME I'M GONNA WEAR YOU SO GOOD
1	retweet mention : We love you mention !! ViceGandaHairDance let's make it trend url retweet retweet retweet
0	retweet mention : mention yass bx yass emoji 
1	retweet mention : NashvsHayes go check out our video!! ❤️❤️ url 
1	 mention ooh. Ugh. People like that.. I just don't get it. They must feel very insecure.
1	Now people are walking by me. Why?
0	retweet mention : National conference for grantmakers is coming to Detroit! url Earlybird deadline is Sept. 26. kidsma… 
1	""" mention : I hate being sick cause I cant taste nothing""!!"
0	“ mention : I don't know what you did, but you done it good”
0	I made a new achievement: `Soot..`. Try to beat me in the iPhone game The Tribez! url iphonegames, gameinsight 
0	retweet mention smiley Ok, it’s not better than Star Wars but you should definitely still come and see it) McBustedTOURPLAY 
1	Go naws go
1	You already know I had to buy it, best performance by far emoji mention url 
1	 mention Lmfsoo he probably like hell nahh im to big to be run
1	So is nobody going to fix the printer in the library emoji 
1	retweet mention : The hope of a winning season.. emoji BrownsNation 
1	retweet mention : I never knew how much I would miss the union until it was gone emoji NCAT 
0	retweet mention : Hi, I'm Floral DSR. I am a hybrid.. Kinda. I hit clips when I'm sniping &amp; I have fun when I'm trickshotting, but I'm no…
0	You know I had to cop that foreign
0	Especially Miller
0	retweet mention : LOOL FAM emoji url 
0	Haircut mention Clips about 10 &amp; on to Commissary..lots of other old folks there 2da..stock-up for about a month..coo Wx coming soon enough.
1	retweet mention : Cristiano Ronaldo has now scored 7 goals in his last 2 games, making it 186 goals in 169 LaLiga games. Unbelievable! url 
0	 MadameSecretary is not only one of 2014 big hits, it will continue to be one of the biggest hits of the next 10 years. mention 
1	retweet mention : Way to go to all fighters emoji TrulyBrave 
1	Any workplace that pushes you to your mental &amp; verbal LIMITS is the clear sign to move on to BIGGER &amp; BETTER things!
0	I lost 1 follower recently and i know who that is thanks to url app
1	 mention are you gay? emoji 
0	 mention What is this?
1	retweet mention : People who cannot understand sarcasm are more likely to suffer from dementia and experience a decline in the brain’s abiliti…
0	 mention huzzah! Would you like to celebrate with food and/or drinks? Or just food/drinks without celebration?
1	I smell so good emoji 
0	retweet mention : mention they can't mention any; bec. wat u said in your blogs are also valid science references w/c contrdict their bel…
1	I just finished 2h:26m:00s of walking with Endomondo endorphins url 
1	Wake up 2 plays emoji den roll me ah jay emoji 
1	retweet mention : Y'all dumb asses really got talked into buying the big ass iPhone plus lmao
0	retweet mention : Somebody going Appriciate me sooner or later emoji 
0	 mention mention it would be mention 
1	 mention Oh lord..
0	Urban Plunge: Swimming in the City | mention via mention url 
0	 mention haha how long are you gonna be in town?
0	 mention No Lemme try..
1	Not having a game tomorrow night makes everything better
0	Truth (y) url 
1	 WhenIHearAmnesia I get really emotional because it's such a sad song mention ContestEntry 
0	retweet mention : Tune into mention for the very latest on the deal between mention and Government. mention live at 6AM! url 
1	“ mention : Lmfaoo everyone has to delete the nudes for ios8” I kept mine and deleted all the other pics emoji 
0	 mention True but not true.
0	Win 6 months free rent worth up to $500! Enter now: url giveaway contest win sweepstakes rgeneration retweet!
0	 mention mention Start today with occupybattery at 5pm. Bring sleeping bags, tents, and friends. floodeverywhere 
0	 mention mention lol u serious?
1	retweet mention : . mention miss you too homie!
0	" mention should have seen my husbands mouth drop when you outted ""your hand works fine"". relationshipdonts "
1	retweet mention : The wise man doesn't give the right answers, he poses the right questions. -Claude Levi-Strauss
0	retweet mention : mention like what ?
1	It's funny how 10-yr old me would die for and collect Starbucks tissues but now I use them to blow my nose. Haha
1	retweet mention : A lot of people dislike Mick Ennis. I've played alongside him, and would lineup again with him any day of the week. A f…
0	 mention better than the hookah &amp; crack.
1	Once we reach 400 fans/likes, there will be an epic giveaway!
1	do not sacrifice for any one who can not sacrifice for you.
1	""" mention : emoji Happy 11th monthsary mention "" Thanks loves! emoji "
0	What about the banana hotdog ?
1	"Now that I've played through two MGS games, the Quiet ""scandal"" makes its detractors look even MORE absurd and dumb.."
0	retweet mention : Looking for an awesome Europe surfing trip. Check out the mention Surfari trips in Spain &amp; France url 
1	Bad Bitch Contest You In 1st Plaace
1	If I don't trust you.. Welp.. That's pretty much the end..
1	"retweet mention : ""How powerful would our world be if we had kids who were not afraid to take risks, who were not afraid to think?"" url "
1	I see some of you ladies selling your boyfriends dreams with that promise ring situation lol
0	Go outside mention 
0	 mention lmfaoo ahh man you trippen.. SOA was made for you bruh
0	Yu Masui mention wearing AcneStudios Nero oversized hat and Balto fur slippers at LFW url 
1	my sister is at a rodeo ((I know wtf)) and I have to pick her up but she won't be home for an hour im about to fall asleep
0	If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over- John Wooden
1	Unlucky albert
0	 mention again our jameel is missing!
0	 mention mention retweet We're raising our voices for DystoniaAwareness Dysphonia StillTheOne url 
1	 mention Tomorrow ? emoji 
0	retweet mention : Puts
1	“ mention : emoji / emoji princess ☺ you pretty and I like yah style fr keep it up emoji ” emoji thank you emoji 
1	Old people aren't supposed to be alive this long. You get a cut it doesn't heal. You break a bone it stays broken. Take a hint.
0	 mention NashNewVideo NashvsHayes follow me emoji 
0	 mention It's almost football season! You might want to follow mention &amp; mention mention for awesome NFL news, tips, advice etc
0	retweet mention : There is no progress in refusing to accept your responsibility in how life plays out.
0	Domestic crude oil flows increasingly being funneled into Montreal url Canada 
1	 iOS8Problems Wallpaper setting can't access all photos? Mine's only showing the Albums tab, which is only a small subset.
1	Cameron Dallas he is my boyfriend . It will always be my fav song tbh
0	How about Mwave meet &amp; greet LOLS
1	retweet mention : All these cute HC proposals make me feel like shit
1	retweet mention : NotCool is coming NotCool is coming!! OMGOMGOMGOMG!! 
1	WAIT. Harry's in the hospital??
1	 mention i knoo ugh i want him 2 not be scared after jury
1	I hate allergies.. emoji 
0	retweet mention smiley rinking too much water can kill you.
1	i have no choice now i have to update to ios 8 &gt; smiley cause i reset my ipad aklkf awjf
0	 mention Yes mam
0	Q5: How do you see standards changing with social media? mention &amp; mention had a great exchange on this in a past chat EdShift 
0	retweet mention : Extra yummy week ahead! Are YOU ready for MoFood?? url url 
1	""" mention : How do I congratulate myself after thanking God?"" Treat yurself a meal"
1	My room clean thanks to mention the real MVP
0	 mention I think it's trying to tell me something
1	Nobody is ever on yahoo messenger
0	retweet mention : Listen up! It’s about time you re-watched Snatch! Get it now on mention : url url 
0	retweet mention : For the chance to win a mention hamper pack, perfect for lunch boxes follow mention &amp; mention &amp; retweet Fre… 
0	 mention mention I'm up and getting ready for work
0	 mention mention mention what do you mean?? Lol
0	STEP UP ALL IN NOW~
0	 mention all the best
0	 mention Got it , ta!
1	retweet mention : Best of both worlds? Tomorrow let's start putting an end to scenes like this Indyref VoteYes url 
0	Watching mention do unholy things with autolayout at cocoaconf. 
0	retweet mention : Making sure the peoplesclimate march Is part our Sunday here in Freiburg! mention mention mention h…
1	. mention mention Mind-boggling also that this article considers eating disorders to be a choice. It's an illness, not a choice!
1	 mention snob ?
1	retweet mention : 650+ confirmed mention TurnOffTheLightz PRE HOMECOMING PARTY BLINN PVNATION mention ON THE MIC!! emoji … 
1	 mention I'm in love with your nails emoji 
0	 mention Surprise: The ballot in Scotland could be as clean as the ballots UK organises in Afghanistan indyref 
1	 mention mention Why?? The Chinise want to kill all animals and sell their fur?? smiley )
1	open up to me, I find that shit attractive&gt;
1	 mention this year maybe, lol halloween is a must
0	 mention you have him second. Meaning there's a 36% chance he gets on. Whereas there's a 60% chance Kinsler OR Hunter gets on
0	The Power of Belief url 
0	retweet mention : New!► Matte Silver Disc Earrings on Handmade Silver Classic Hooks, Dainty Dangle Earrings.. Si.. url 
0	Our relationship isn't exactly where it should be, but thanks man. For working with me mention 
0	Prepare for plenty of BLOW fish .. emoji retweet “ mention : I'll be taking my talents over to POF.”
0	Whoopsie-Doodle
0	retweet mention : 23 Sept the mention will be live-tweeting headline Climate2014 climateaction announcements from mention . Tune i…
1	 mention your coffee smells like shit thanks for throwing it in my car smiley 
0	A7 We use them all the way through, Every group has a PLC to turn to for support and encouragement. wyoedchat 
1	Great thing about late start?.. Everything..
1	Ahh..Maggie United
1	All most that time! Birdgang IBleedgreen flyeaglesfly MNFL url 
0	BBC News - India by-elections: Ruling BJP faces electoral test url 
0	 mention can I apply this in a theatre? Been wanting to implement cust surveys.
0	retweet mention : Girl bio say “Jamaican. Egyptian. Cuban” but she fayva Kingston 14. url 
0	 mention url updateada
1	 mention like I really love him lol
0	Genevieve Nnaji Shares A Photo Without Make-Up or Weave: Top actress,Genevieve Nnaji sh.. url via mention 
0	*insert the much needed giraffe emoji here*
0	 mention mention yeah, I am very confused yet intrigued by this.
1	retweet mention : Hello Durbs, we're back! A big thank you mention Pinetown &amp; Umhlanga for the wheels! BucsRoadshowKZN FeelPeugeot …
1	Jim Cummings, The voice actor for Winnie the pooh, calls sick kids in hospitals and talks to them in character.
0	“ mention : “ mention : I wonder how bae going emoji ..” emoji ”august emoji ..
1	 mention HELLO PRINCE!♥ HOW ARE YOU? YOU ARE MY LIFE! YOU ARE MY ANGEL! YOU ARE MY WORLDS! CAN YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME? I LOVE YOU x46
1	Just in the drive Through. Looking good. vipmob viplivin url 
0	Keep the people relevant in your life happy.
0	How did I get home..
1	 mention mention thank you emoji 
0	retweet mention : The Mart, Chicago, 1936. Photo by John Gutmann url 
0	Top leaders share their secrets to sustainable sales growth via mention url 
0	 mention Mouth, feet, then pussy
0	retweet mention : A Football Life. Sean Taylor. Friday on NFL Network (9pm ET). url 
0	retweet mention : Three unlikely best friends.. url 
1	Can I touch your heart, the way you're touchin' mine Can I touch you there, touch you deep within Can I touch you there, can I touch you.
1	When everyone's tweeting these glo up challenges and you haven't glo'd up yet emoji 
1	You're gonna spew out lies about me? C'mon, if you wanna be like that at least do it better.
0	Son of Minnesota Vikings Part-Owner Says He Wasn't Legally Married to His Wife - Wall Street Journal url NFL Minne.. 
1	sit back, relax and talk mathematics
1	 mention dump*?
1	retweet mention : . mention is hanging out w/ mention backstage at the iHeartRadio Music Festival! Be sure to listen all day! url 
1	 mention Thanks, Mitch. The best pics of my kid was taken by you this year. I show them to everybody! url 
1	retweet mention : I love my mom , Im very thankful for her emoji 
0	Ah!! mention have got absolutely no reason not to beat Bayelsa United. Man must feel better. NPFL 
1	"""Too focus on my own grass to notice if yours is greener"" emoji "
1	retweet mention : mention I LOVE YHAT SONG OMG YOU GUYS ARE SO CUTE
1	retweet mention : how do i get over someone who i never dated
0	is alexa dead
0	Plug into our local network, get socially connected and grow your local business in SouthFlorida - local mention .com
0	Sometimes you figure out that just starting over is what you needed
1	Did you know?? Vegetables &amp; fruits are human healing aides. Let's heal the world from the inside out.
1	 mention I got sick months more /:
1	just because youn see her with money don't mean she broke
1	FSU was already playing mostly shitty with Winston.
0	Would love to have been a part of the 1/2 a million visitors that saw Matisse at the mention ! url url 
1	Carnt sleep smiley x
1	retweet mention : PLS follow mention ❄️ emoji mention mention mention mention mention mention …
1	 mention Cool!! Can't wait!!
1	retweet mention : Going to fix it and start soon
0	retweet mention : We couldn’t ask God for more. We couldnt, because your existence itself is enough for us to keep going on in life. url 
1	"Kudos re: the late mention being inducted into Canada's Walk of Fame. ""See the Light"" album is still a favourite mention "
1	I feel like Skip Bayless honestly ain't as dumb as we all think..I feel like he might just be trolling all the time
0	Bisbee ice race will be a hot time url 
0	DOMINIC LAWSON: High Street gangs pose far more of a threat than the.. url 
0	 mention mention yeah i know that baahah i clicked the wrong hashtag
0	Bread Winner .. poodah tweet
0	Strasburg gave up a leadoff single to Heyward, pushed him to third with a bad pickoff throw. Retired the next three hitters to keep it 2-0.
0	retweet mention : Semper Latte: Obama salutes Marines, coffee cup in hand url tcot url 
1	This is definitely me hahahah url 
0	SUDDENLY HAMUHAMUHAMU FROM MY PHONE PLAYLIST LMAO
1	I wonder if there is a new movement afoot to make people feel guilty for getting old. What do you think? sista.. url 
0	I'm at Bomb Shell Bar in Belo Horizonte, MG url 
0	retweet mention : BigData: An ultimate weapon in the field of sports? url 
1	Game plan for tonight: drown myself in homework and then relieve my stress at the gym.
1	Funniest mention ever emoji 
1	 mention Thks for following. Sign up on our website! enquiries: info mention .co.uk New projects coming soon! Be part of it!
1	WHY IS DENVER RUNNING IT ON THIRD AND LONG TF IT'S WRONG WITH YOU
1	My P.O. think I'm in the.. house Don't give a dam bout what she.. think
1	Off to church emoji 
1	Will sell my kidney for an e30
0	On break SMokin n thinkin
1	Receiving unexpected praise boosts your confidence today. Unfo.. More for Cancer url 
0	retweet mention : retweet &amp; FOLLOW ME FOR BEST PORN mention mention mention mention mention mention mention url 
1	Just see my neighbour throw her husband out the house! With his stuff bit awkward emoji 
1	retweet mention : May you follow your dreams and always believe in yourself. Keep your eyes on the stars and hope in your heart.
1	"retweet mention : Black parents will NOT say boyfriend or girlfriend. That's your ""lil friend"" emoji "
1	Fuck the skinny bitches in the club url 
0	Speakin Of Da Money Bitch Im Tryna Move Ina Bank
0	retweet mention : Can't get me head round me getting turned away from Sportsters on Saturday when they let this joker in url 
1	 mention mention I think I hate you guys together
0	 mention me too
0	Just played: - url 
0	retweet mention : Selfie emoji url 
0	retweet mention : mention Follow Her emoji 
0	Yes you ! Hahaha
1	 mention mention you're welcome! yo site is the truth, too. I like my fellow creatives.
0	 mention ..Hi po te.. MarNella The Singing Sweethearts
0	All of Me by mention (at mention ) — url 
0	Sun's bouta rise in a few lol
0	retweet mention : “ mention smiley inner and drinks mention mention mention ” emoji 
1	worst nap ever bc this gotdam essay on my mind
0	Lemme clean up
0	Idk if anyone noticed, but RG3 was in the promo. Kirk cousins was in the show.
0	 mention what ?
1	 mention mention don't call him lalo eew
1	"""One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor"" emoji "
0	 mention nah got one sorry
0	 mention ..actually about all of them emoji Orchestration driven by sensory inputs. Moving from data to real-time streams. Today to now.
0	retweet mention : There you go Eagles fans: Get away with a pass interference on INT, then get a soft horse collar. Turn off the usual wa…
0	The Penultimate Episode of the Season! Watch ‘Shot Fired’ on Ndani TV’s Gidi Up: Episode 11 of Gidi Up comes w.. url 
0	It's going to be a busy week!
1	Can't give up just yet
0	Whos Not going out tonight?
1	At the mention concert VIP party! url 
1	Now in Warri resting in my room after a successful Congress
1	 mention im at the part where you and jen fight and she destroys your cigarettes..oh god
0	1.five emoji ❤️ 2.zouis 3.torn 4.all emoji 5.4 6.5SOS 7.no emoji url 
1	 emoji Youu myy brown eyed girl emoji 
0	retweet mention : Breaking news: the engaged couple has already broken off their engagement url 
0	Slept for 15 hours emoji 
1	so this one guy i kind of fooled around with just stood in front of my door (he lives like 1,5 hour away) to give me a necklace he'd bought
0	retweet mention : Vote 4 Nicki Minaj – url - Best Female Artist - Best Hip-Hop Artist - Best Look - Biggest Fans EMAB… 
1	retweet mention : all i eva wanted was da mula emoji 
0	U.S. Moves to Reduce Global Warming Emissions
0	IG tweakin
0	My temperature logger is reporting 22.9 degrees as of 9:56 PM on 9/18/2014.
0	retweet mention : Apply now: PeaceBrigades Advocacy Fellow in WDC. url Pls retweet! mention mention mention mention mention …
0	 mention exactly plus I find more people with it everyday so it reminds me I'm not alone
0	retweet mention : Haven't planned your trip to Minot for mention yet? There are still hotel rooms available: url 
1	retweet mention : ICYMi This is mention feature on mention (Josh Trimble) who has 3 brothers in active duty US Army Hokies https…
0	WWS 340 / PSY 321 P12 has 10 open spot(s).
1	Please don't think that I care about your opinion
1	retweet mention : My IPhone 6 emoji url 
1	"retweet mention : "" mention : Her Expressions tho *-* ♥♥ peecee &lt;3 mention url "
0	retweet mention : will be
1	2 people followed me and One person unfollowed me in the last day. Thank you url app
1	I reset my phone so its really fast now emoji 
1	 mention mention emoji you NOT WEARING them BIG ASS SHOES emoji 
0	retweet mention : Netflix is rolling out in 6 new European countries this week url 
0	retweet mention : NBA Hall of Famer Charles Barkley joined us pregame for tonight's ceremonial first pitch. url 
1	I hate how when you have your hair cut it doesn't sit right for a week or two emoji 
0	retweet mention : I voted for a stronger Scotland within the UK. I don't want to walk away from all we have achieved LibDemNo indyref ht…
1	 mention You're welcome sunshine emoji 
0	Nothing really changed but still they look at me away now
1	 mention I love you babe smiley 
0	retweet mention smiley ont ask God to guide your footsteps if your not willing to move your feet
1	"I'm not liking audio messages literally have received 3 of someone saying ""you're a bitch"""
0	Let's Do Lunch! 12 delicious menu items (including several Gluten Free) for under $6! See you at 11am! url 
0	 mention mention here ye go james✌️ url 
1	But thats a chick retweet mention : I had a feeling he was ghey. retweet mention : Black women y'all mad or na? Lol url 
0	retweet mention : mention , thought you might like to see our most recent order. Custom 1x12 with a V-Type. url 
0	My new sounds smiley reams Come True url on SoundCloud 
0	Throwback throwback selfie gymselfie fitness beastmode chestday chest triceps pushday#fitfam… url 
0	jackie926 gathered the Personal computer collection url url 
1	Frank lampard is the man!
0	Win Lose Or Tie Reds Till I Die❤️ url 
0	 mention reach now
1	The colts are 0-2 now.. the saints are 0-2.. are either one of them gonna make the playoffs emoji 
0	 mention Really!? mention all day for me. Classier operator. Better pedigree. Better talent. Glad it's on though!
1	 emoji ❌ emoji ❌ emoji mention Michael Clifford from 5SOS i love you so much &amp; you make me really happy, could you please FOLLOW ME❓❗️ emoji ❌ emoji ❌ emoji 16,075
0	Lol Anele is funny though
1	 mention Haha!! And that's the way to avoid a conversation! Lol jkjk I was gonna go to sleep but I started reading!
1	"""Shell paid the Irish Police €158,746"" ShellToSea Shell Gardai Corruption CorporateGovernment url "
0	 mention aww sucks for you emoji 
0	retweet mention : Who gets more playing time the rest of the day - Kenyan Drake or Jameis Winston?
0	 BlacklightECE powered by Intensity Red, NetworkLabs, mention , San Miguel, Mcdo, Burger Co., CafeUK, NKS. url 
0	When someone tweets and it goes viral but has mad typos but you keep your mouth closed.. You loyal!!
1	“ mention : My Niggas Kno Who They Are emoji url 
1	 mention that's wicked funny but I felt bad laughing if it was like serious emoji 
1	I love how Worlds is the 5 trending topic in the U.S. mention DAY1HYPE LoL 
0	retweet mention : WIN TICKETS TO PLACEBO itunesfestival 2014 PERFORMANCE (UK ONLY) url placebogig230914 url 
1	retweet mention : mention Happy Birthday Olivia ☺
1	Worst game I've ever seen but we will rebound next week vs the Ravens. We still have hope for the season. It was only 1 game. Go mention 
1	Classic! Lmao too funny “ mention : mention mention lmao this reminded me of this pic url 
1	Woke up way too early and thought about going to the gym.. Then I decided it was the thought that counts. BacktoSleep 
0	What's poppin ✋
0	 mention no problem
0	People say that when you have sisters you really don't make any lasting female relationships. Well, I… url 
1	retweet mention : Learn to give more, and expect less. You'll be happier that way.
1	 Qoutes: I've hung a wish on every star. It hasn't done much good so far. –Pooh
1	 mention No because mention should be coming to Hope, but they aren't.
0	 mention He wears same designs or combine different clothes to look stylish and elegant. SMAccessoriesAllAccess ENRIQUEAllAccess 
1	I'm sick and I'm going palace, ouuhh whales
1	 mention mention this guy obviously doesn't know tf he's talking about.
0	There's one of my growlers. There's also 5 beers crammed in it. hawkswin tigerslose todaywasagoodday url 
1	Any way you cut it, Sprite lemon is the best. Make your voice heard at url SpriteLemon 
0	Mickelson pokes fun at Rory-McDowell suit url 
0	 mention Stop the ignorance
0	 emoji my nigga no emoji not with the slushies
1	 mention mention ayee boogie don't talk too her she a light skin texted
0	I rated mention at Stade de France ★★ via Bandsintown url 
1	 mention that's a woman??
0	Flying On Plane url Bubblews via mention 
0	"retweet mention : NEW VIDEO: ""BLEACHING MY HAIR?! (ASK JACK)"" - url CHECK IT OUT emoji MAKE SURE TO THUMBS UP &amp; retweet!!"
0	retweet mention : I don't sell Molly no moore
0	 mention Eddie,please come to Uruguay smiley ) we love u so bad emoji please comee x46
0	retweet mention : IMPORTANT!! url 
0	retweet mention : mention please cut off a lock of your hair and send it to po box 221, burleson, tx 76097.. this is snckpck and not peach…
0	 mention ive only watched ep 1 but I like it
1	retweet mention : mention mention Thank you emoji 
1	 mention mention Bought tickets for Phantom Of The Opera today, I'm way too excited for something that's happening in December!
0	today's vital question: will the internet hold up with me sharing my laptop's wifi to my xbox via ethernet, AND streaming soccer on NBCSN
1	today has been so chill
1	 emoji / you're pretty. You seem like a cool ass girl, and that's rare for me to say lol
0	retweet mention : Why is Benedict Cumberbatch posing as Colin Firth's lake-drenched Mr. Darcy? url url 
1	Modi's speech has so much punch that mention is sending another spacecraft to Mars post his speech. MomReturns Mangalyaan 
0	retweet mention : Beer √ Pizza √ Dog √ Illegal streaming of sporting event that isn't televised √ lets go red wings you idiots
0	Nurses Self Awareness is Your Path to a Better Work Day mention Nurseup BeyondBurnout url 
1	 mention you too buddy ☺️ emoji 
0	I made this too url 
1	So blessed to have parents who accept my sexuality.
1	I'm no beauty queen, I'm just beautiful me.
1	 mention (Nice to meet you also. I'm nic
1	ALRIGHT LETS DO THIS HALA MADRID Y NADA MAS
0	retweet mention : Canadian Cardiovascular Society position statement on the management of thoracic aortic disease url 
1	My shirt arrived B) url 
0	retweet mention : mention mention mention my point is this a pointless exercise. No politician sexual accountability.
1	Talk dirty to me
1	retweet mention : Lets get warmmn url 
0	 mention watcha tworking on?
1	Do you have 4.28 mins? Matt Damon Narrates the Story of Dolphin Slaughter in Japan OpKillingBay url 
1	Drifting in and out of consciousness. SO TIRED
1	 mention reply you fukin prick
1	I need a real good massage like on ever part of my body emoji 
1	Goin to Yankees game ayee
1	That day you just can't stop the tears from falling
0	 mention *meet
1	Trying to write my superhero story emoji when my superhero hates me
1	retweet mention : too accurate url 
1	Air wrap bumpers are a hit! First time I've put her down in her cot and she's not screamed and has slept!!
0	 mention despiertate! *rags you a little*
1	 mention maybe I'm there right now and you don't know it yummyy
1	retweet mention : Crazy headache emoji 
0	Inside Rihanna's Feud With CBS: The singer had choice words, including an obscenity, for network. Here's why.
1	There's only one person in this world who has my heart emoji 
0	NIT Raipur Recruitment 2014 – JRF Posts url url 
0	Death to All - Zombie Ritual (Death cover) + Bapt…: url 
1	 mention haha isnt he? Surely he is, i cant see him being a Liverpool fan godmusthavemoretaste does this count as religious talk emoji x
1	 mention mention next time well plan it and drink wine and watch movies. ❤️
0	"retweet mention : "" mention : The 2011/2012 fandom is back just let that sink in ZaynVasHappeninWeMissYou url EMA… "
1	That awkward moment when someone stares at you while you're taking selfies in your car emoji 
0	 mention mention mention whaa?? He has made the plays (big, small, in-between) that have been needed for sustained excellence
0	Good morning follow my business page NativeChickCollectionLLC Thanks for the love url 
0	retweet mention : My emoji don't
0	retweet mention : NOTHING IS MORE PERFECT THAN ZAYN'S EYELASHES EМABiggestFans1D MTVAEMA One Direction url 
0	 mention mention mention mention ..on a Saturday. hadto 
0	Bus pass at 7:50 trying hurry up nd blow emoji ⛽️
1	 mention you are so evil
0	"When asked if he will endorse mention in the presidential campaign, mention said, ""I'm staying out of that race."" tribunefest "
1	retweet mention : Thanks giving is only 62 days away.. That means my bestfriend comes home, in 62 days. emoji mention 
0	retweet mention : We're hosting mention WeWontStop rally on 10/3! Join the Bird and former players before that night's playoff game! htt…
1	 mention no doubt ima hit yo dm real real soon
1	 mention I want a Matt follow so bad
0	 mention ugh she gets me turnt i swear. emoji 
1	Salesforce users hit with malware-based targeted attack url # Dyreza malware, infosec 
0	 mention mention Ashish you better give Ichcha a big hug for grilling us to tweet! Twamily ho to aisi emoji VerifyAshishChowdhry 
1	im so sleepy but i still have a million things to do &gt; smiley 
0	 mention mention really emoji 
1	retweet mention : she loves the show so fucking much url 
1	Wish bill holt would call me about my car already, I'm ready to get it back..
1	 mention mention AWK BC IM NOT EVEN GOING
1	Please hurry up and get back to me about this job I really don't want to deal with this place any longer.
1	retweet mention : Friend: He's cute! Go out wiv him! Me: Naa Friend: Y? Me: He's not mention !! - retweet if u fee the same!! mention …
0	I know who i am emoji 
0	byee
0	retweet mention : mention where are Liverpool on the table?
1	retweet mention : i'm usually lazy 공허해 but not 위너 for winner
1	What did i miss!?
0	Cathy Warwick speaks alongside mention MP about how to involve dads more in maternity care, DadsArmy Lab14 url 
0	 mention Anything Related with our DEGREE QUEEN Minister mention ??
1	retweet mention : My girlfriend is simply the best. Just saying. mention emoji 
1	 mention was just going to tweet uh oh I'm getting sick smiley 
0	 mention mention mention mention mention mention mention That is right!! url 
1	Gorgeous Sitges what a place to rest and enjoy. url 
0	Calling all designers! Competition to help our National Parks retweet mention : National Parks Now url UrbanDesign Design 
1	 mention yeah another stream that I'll be able to watch
1	 amwriting tonight at Starbucks. Weird music.
1	And I was still illuminated by my absence and my fickle mind
1	Artists will never be poor they can always draw money.
0	Mannie always catching me sleep emoji 
1	retweet mention : mention mention congratulations Michael! Great achievement.
0	I liked a mention video from mention url TIM DUNK- DEAD MAN WALKING -TONii B DISS-FILMED BY:
1	retweet mention : Good game mention mention mention 
1	Love that Marshall Tucker Band flute
1	Don't make a girl/boy fall for you if you have no intension of catching her. smiley 
0	TWILIGHT JOURNEY Surreal art Wall art print by littlevintagechest url via mention 
0	 mention my brotha! How you doing man? Everything cool in texASS? emoji 
1	“ mention : BOYS ARE FUCKING DUMB” mention 
0	quisha do not be playing when she find out august gonna be in concert emoji 
1	 mention You should believe it. All of my tweets are real life happenings. Which is kind of sad if you read my tweets.
0	 mention hiya hun hope you are ok x
0	Tim Southee has just bowled every bowlers dream ball to the left hander! He must have been watching me bowl? CLT20 
1	 url Support Rana Samaha For Ever url url url mention 
0	Long time we have talked about playing some WoW together. Good thing we are both on the same part of the.. url 
0	heart fulla pain but a pipe fulla magic..
1	"""You are surroundiing all my surrounndiings"" lul"
1	retweet mention : I just want Friday.
1	 mention i started to watch chicacopd only for you and ended up falling in love with the whole cast , the show and chicagofire too !
0	HTC Gallery updated with new Duo Effects for Seasons and Foregrounder url Rumours 
0	retweet mention : When the options aren't; - Wanker A - Wanker B - Wanker C - Racist Wanker D You get 90% turn out. indyref 
0	i always knew Danielle was gay
1	 mention Cheerup buttercup emoji 
0	retweet mention : [DL] 140918 Open Studio by blooming [33P] url url SNSD TTS url 
1	retweet mention : Nobody cares about your life issues
1	Females keep up entirely too much drama. Like bruh..
1	 mention -- sorry for bothering you Kate, it will not happen again.
0	 mention apparently.
0	retweet mention : Reunited MissedHer url 
0	retweet mention : 8 Weird Reasons Why People Get Divorced.. url 
1	S.a is best bowler in the world
0	 mention still the most clever thing I've ever come up with emoji 
1	retweet mention : My selfie jus hit 100 likes.. A HUNDRED!! url 
0	retweet mention : Lost Voices will always be here .. ! We young , We strong , We Marching All Night Long mikebrown lostvoices ferguson 
1	retweet mention : *hits blunt* Why do they call it apartments if they're built together? url 
1	no reply tho emoji 
0	 mention I know wtf emoji 
1	 mention Dreams are never what we want though, they're dumb and random like that. u_u
1	""" mention : I'm a funaholic not an alcoholic there is a difference"" mention "
1	 mention sore
0	Some pple on here secondary school kawaii aka gama.. amma they be actin like some phd holders haba manaah
1	"retweet mention : ""We spend our lives searching for answers we don't know, and loving people who don't love us back."" OneTreeHill url "
0	Lord Hill jagoin? A.Barca B.Madrid C.MU D.Chelsea E.Liverpool mention 
1	“ mention : I absolutely hate being ignored. Just tell me you don't want to talk to me and I'll gladly leave you alone.”
1	 mention mention Looks amazing! You've got us craving dessert and its not even 11!
1	 mention mention she is funny
1	*laptop ng battery ko* my bro so funny lol ^^
0	I've collected $363084! Think you can do better? url Gameinsight Androidgames Android 
0	 mention is accidental art?
0	 mention what? You said it
1	 mention kepo is care, care is love, love is you
0	Read : url 430264 Kindle 7: Simple Numbers, Straight Talk, Big Profits!: 4 Keys to Unlock.. url 
1	 mention Thanks! smiley 
0	 mention mention THAT..is a haunting emote.
0	 mention emoji so u just ask me what school I go to for no reason ?
1	Thinking..Thinking..Thinking on how to deal with this..
0	I walked 2.87 mi with mention . Check out my route in Cumberland Hill, RI, United States! url walk walking 
0	 mention Just for the record I'm glad u didn't die smiley 
0	retweet mention : Give a Libra exciting projects to work with and they will never refuse it.
0	Dempsey lauds French airstrike against militants url 
1	 mention the fault in our stars..omg i was crying hard.
1	TWITTER FOOD &amp; WINE is out! url Stories via mention mention mention 
1	I'm voting noo
0	 mention you'll see
1	I think Vanessa Hudgens is stupid bcoz its like 2 or 3 times this happened to her. She ought to learn her lessons on taking nude photos.
0	retweet mention : Finally Get To See Them TeamTatted Boys Latex2k14 Lol
0	 mention yeah go to sleep; it's past your bedtime.
1	retweet mention : Out on a ranch in California. Good day url 
0	SignupToツ OneDirectionSocialCom “ mention : The new single is called Steal My Girl! You can listen to it on 29th September” OMFG
0	whats up with ppl today?
1	"They won't let me sleep, forcing me to watch ""The conjuring"" hate this damn scary movie!!"
1	Another great day in DC. This never gets old. InstaWhiteHouse url url 
0	retweet mention : Anyone else going to mention this weekend?
1	Be a theist doesn't mean you have to cut people's head just because they had different prespective than you. Ya,.. url 
0	retweet mention : thick thighs cute booty
1	retweet mention : mention Big S/O mention and mention me and mention rock with da Stations that play that fire! BigUP! 
1	 mention 8.49. Really tired. No alcohol involved xx
1	retweet mention : Woke up in the middle of the night with something on my face. Slapped myself. Killed this. emoji url 
0	I posted a new photo to Facebook url 
1	retweet mention : as a girlfriend , i'm NEVER gonna be okay with you being around girls that like you . idc if you don't like them back ✋ emoji …
1	retweet mention : have a cuddly monday url 
1	 Quetta blast: Emergency declared in Civil Hospital as 6 out of 16 injured are in critical condition url 
0	retweet mention : Our NEW mention eye palette has been shortlisted in the mention Awards! VoteCollection: url 
1	2nd Lunch At My School Be Shakinn Like A Mf !
0	ACCURATE url 
0	retweet mention : mention SHAMITABH waiting.. url 
1	 mention I need to seriously come raid your closet
1	retweet mention : Well doen ISRO. Well done. We may be a crowded country, but you've shown us that we are still pretty good at managing sp…
0	 mention piCK ME PLS
0	retweet mention : This is big news url 
0	 mention you want it yo ?
1	 mention mention emoji ❤️Thanx sis.. emoji 
0	And verily,you O Muhammad SAW are on an exalted standard of character. Ch 67 V 4
1	retweet mention : When McDonalds running slow af and you hungry url 
0	retweet mention : watch my muke vine url 
1	retweet mention : Getting ready to tell a story on my good friend mention 's new TV show! I'm proud of him, and to a greater extent..…
1	retweet mention : . mention I can b dirty emoji 
1	 mention Family's need that time away.. break routine and create long lasting memories. Good for you!
0	If I Didn't Have You - Thompson Square url nowplaying listenlive 
0	retweet mention : Looks like Cloud 9 is the new thing
1	Miley Cyrus may go to jail for whipping her ‘b*tt’ with Mexican flag - url 
1	Sleeping would be cool right now..
1	 mention hers weren't even good
1	I'm tired of this fr emoji 
1	I give you permission! TheVampsCreep 
0	The winter palette from The Nantucket Trading Company Original Colours of New England paint range. h url 
0	retweet mention : Yeah url 
0	If u call i might answer
0	retweet mention : 4memory and cnubar feat. their jollibee experience lol url 
0	Watching RichKidsOfBeverlyHills for some reason, ho boy and I thought il ashkal illi 3indna tafha
0	Democracy? No, Afghans say, after vote count ends - url url 
1	 mention I would love to see Paul again in concert. emoji 
1	 mention thank you beautiful emoji 
0	Is It Time to Move On? url 
1	//LOUD LAUGHTER- FUCK.
1	 mention They're pikelets &amp; I'm partial to them too!
1	I should've seen this coming. I shouldn't of let myself believe that deep down you liked me.
0	the comeup.
0	Baton Rouge bound to see the Bulldogs play!! HailState BeatLSU 
0	Pandora flow this am
1	 mention I'm sure, but I my point was coming into those positions with the purpose of ending that form of racism. Those cops didn't.
1	 mention what the hell
1	 mention thanks for asking a great question! AskACurator mention mention mention mention 
1	retweet mention : The sky is the limit!
0	 mention Please nominate someone or yourself for the Power 30 Under 30 Award before the deadline. url 
1	The most positive hs football player ever. I love this. url url 
1	 mention clean ass hole
1	FREAKSHOW IS OUT REALLY SOON!! I DON'T THINK YOU UNDERSTAND HOW EXCITED I AM FOR THE CLOWN
1	Sing my darling
0	 mention you are Squirt God Williams
0	retweet mention : ANGELINA JOLIE COVER STORY IN SAINT LAURENT WILL BE FEATURED IN MORE THAN 20 EDITIONS OF ELLE AROUND THE WORLD url 
0	 mention so did u do a multi or did it variegate naturally on its own? mention 
1	 mention I vote mention for the SmithAwards' BestPool: it's beautiful and manned with wine-toting waiters url 
1	retweet mention : I CANT TAKE THIS WHAT IS GOING ON emoji AwkwardSeniorYear 
0	retweet mention : New teachers during attendance url 
0	retweet mention : Jamat-e-Islami Sirajul Haq says Islamabad surrounded bySitins,which is getting complicated causing difficulties 4 count…
0	retweet mention : Will UK Parliament be recalled on Sat &amp; will Cameron have to resign as PM? Already discussions on both. indyref url 
0	 mention yes i was like im bouta wake dess up she might be hungry
0	retweet mention : Mr. mention borrowing my car for the day.. I'd say don't scratch it but it's already been to hell and back!.. url 
1	I'm so hungry emoji 
1	This girl really asked me if I had shorts on.. Like of course I have fucking shorts on. I mean really.
0	My coffee and TV, is what I will be doing today
1	retweet mention : mention THIS IS THE PART WHERE ARIANA GRANDE TWEETS ME BECAUSE SHE CANT RESIST IT NO MORE! emoji ✨ emoji 
1	Paramore only sounded amazing at reading when signing acoustic emoji 
1	retweet mention : There's always someone who irritates me a lot.
0	Fernando Smith rush for 1 yard TOUCHDOWN, Cameron Tallent rush attempt failed (fumbled). NGFB leads 35-27 with 12:47 left in the game
0	retweet mention : Vision focused on anything other than ppl is ego driven exploitation. url url 
0	retweet mention : New npm module can chain iterators inside reduce: sum([1,2,3], null, onlyEven(timesTen(timesTwo)) JavaScript Npm http…
0	 mention Because they're not ready.
0	 mention bruh were they at emoji 
1	""" mention : Thank you guys!! EMABiggestFans1D is trending worldwide!! Keep tweeting and retweeting! smiley "
1	retweet mention : Winston gets away with rape and stealing crabs, but the guy finally completes his first sentence and gets suspended hal…
0	Get Tulloch get hurt mocking the Discount Double Check?
1	Cnt keep lettin ppl cun bk n forth in my life doin n sayin same shit liez bullshit 
1	retweet mention : literally the cutest banana i've ever seen in my entire life!! &lt;3 mention url 
1	Happy birthday to my dawg url 
0	The HasanHilmy Daily is out! url Stories via mention mention 
0	retweet mention smiley evin Hester with a punt return TD for Falcons 
0	retweet mention : Teaching a DIY punk arts and crafts class right now (regram: mention ) cen➕uries url 
0	Why everybody getting red hair ? emoji 
1	Goodafternoon mention 
0	retweet mention : I'm over a lot of stuff emoji 
1	 mention .. Native .NET smiley 
0	retweet mention : DArtagnan TheMusketeers mention Source: url url 
1	where the hell is my iOS 8 update omg
0	 mention mention mention mention no you're right emoji 
1	Really looking forward to seeing Snowflake on Sunday mention !Lots of people have tickets so will be a great audience TopFunSundays 
0	Where REAL dreams are made of url 
0	 mention it was. Still..
1	retweet mention : Jackie Bird doing a great job winning more votes for YES on Reporting Scotland by exhibiting undisguised bias against Alex Sa…
1	But seriously.. LOOK AT THIS REALLY CUTE BUTTHEAD WITH HIS *PUNNY LOOKING FACE. FOLLOW ME PLS mention emoji mcm url 
0	Nike play too much lol
1	in my dream you are mine and in my realiste you are my dream** url 
1	momentum 2014! was amazing last night like seriously smiley 
1	 mention this would make me lesbian if I were a girl smiley 
0	 mention Be there in 30 minutes.
1	I hate them retweet mention : these kitty ears headbands yall are rocking are soo childish.
0	Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS: Costume Montage: Take a look at the costumes and taunts of all 36 members of the.. url 
1	retweet mention : My name is Ellie and iOS8 ruined my life
0	DH News Scientists' colossal squid exam a kraken good show: It was a calm morning in Antarctica's remote Ross .. url 
0	October 18th philly mention letsgo url 
1	“ mention : mention hahaha I love how u get insulted and then u retweet it smiley ” it's all fun - the usual Friday night drunks
0	 mention Nah man, not going on Xbox yet.
1	""" mention : the sad part is that Elsik not finna be like that next year emoji ""OML"
1	retweet mention : 3 Ways to Attract Repeat Customers url via mention from mention 
0	Like some honey bunches &amp; oats or something like that.
1	retweet mention : 'I'm quite impressed with how they're doing-they're going in hard and strong' Pauline Hanson on mention 's response t…
1	retweet mention : ** JESUS IS LOVE **☺♥
0	retweet mention : Scottish Independence: How do you decide? url indyref 
0	NEW!! Watch: Bickley, Somers break down Cards’ win url Arizona 
0	retweet mention : 2 days. mention mention Gotham url 
0	Check out Vote for the Most Anticipated Release of October 2014! url mention 
1	 mention Thank you. You can go now emoji ✌️
1	Countdown!! 3 days to go to the groovest GospelClubGig coterie TheRave2 url 
0	retweet mention : Halo, division title: The mention are the best in the AL West. url 
1	Awesome Views: Spring bliss url 
1	U looking for social network promo . We have the best prices email info mention .com
1	I wanna go to the UofL vs UK soccer game tonight but the way my exams are set up this week..Nevertheless goCARDS 
1	 mention happy birthday young
1	I don't talk to nobody
0	Brooklyn Electronic Dance Round Up: September 19-20 url 
0	Swiss Binary Robot Review url 
1	retweet mention : The Defining Chapter. See you in December. TheHobbitMovie XLP url 
1	Actually crying from stress ha ha ha.
1	retweet mention : Im broke url 
1	I've been sitting outside for 10 minutes waiting for Dale to pick me up.
1	not bad
1	This deadass was a fun and interesting night emoji 
1	If you don't like the heat, get out of the kitchen. - German Proverb
1	My leg is so cute bc it 2x bigger than the other
1	 mention mention lies
1	Can we please stop with the lists of comics that deserve movies? Good comics are their own reward.
0	Hey parents. If i actually got to use my G1 thatd be great. Cuz right now its just taking space up in my wallet. Thanks
0	 mention also yes.
1	the more bumper stickers you have, the more i hate you
1	hes so perfect
0	"Creation of Arthur Andersen at Encinal helped charters get ""foot in the door"" here; now Academy of Alameda, which was created as conversion"
0	OI NAH mention IS ON CHANNEL FOUR MATE
1	Maybe it's time to leave the past in the past
0	retweet mention : “ mention : It's 40 degrees and this bitch wearing chancletas” lmfaoo
1	art is fucked up
0	friends come and go. Vodka is forever.
1	retweet mention : When Feces Is the Best Medicine url 
0	retweet mention : Partners: US and Ukrainian soldiers in training at Rapid Trident 2014 | More: url url 
0	Let me take you out
1	retweet mention : Bears are 11-3 on Monday Night Football since 2006 after losing 14 of previous 18 appearances dating back to 1991.
0	Q&amp;A with the Master of Content Marketing World CMWorld2014 by mention url via mention 
0	This Brickleberry doe.
0	I found Fireball in The Tribez &amp; Castlez for Android. url androidgames,#gameinsight 
0	 mention mention lol probably. And now I'm going to do that.
0	Top 5: Things we value most in car infotainment: With so many choices and features in the center head unit, wh.. url 
1	Hating someone so much even their name pisses you off.
0	retweet mention : As mention closes, a look at how PrinceHarry tries to make difference thru the games, mention mention h…
0	They call me swing.. MOOD swing
0	“ mention : Mama said tati was adopted but thats none of my buisness lol” emoji how can she adopt a person that look like you
0	I posted a new photo to Facebook url 
0	 mention ab ye kaha se aa gai..i have nvr evn watched the movie
1	retweet mention : Screw Apple's watch, Nintendo's watches were way cooler (and cheaper!) url url 
1	retweet mention : Good to get on the scoresheet again and a strong performance from the team tonight!! HalaMadrid url 
1	Happy 1st anniversary to my best friends! always here to be your 3rd wheel and referee! Stay in love! Love u both url 
1	retweet mention : Just beat a boss in zelda ✌️
0	retweet mention : Bow down to the queen emoji mention 
0	Dese bitches den went crazyy
1	 mention mention mention guys i posted a selfie look at it kiss it it's my way of assuring you im REAL
0	completed his food and exercise diary for 9/22/2014 and was under his calorie goal myfitnesspal 
1	Just got my visitation form to go see my nigga
0	retweet mention : The reason for yoga pants url 
0	Josh Reddick tried to pie Josh Donaldson after his walkoff home run today, and completely whiffed. via /r/ baseb.. url 
0	and an even better question, why don't they have an emoji taco?!?!
1	 mention -giggles-
1	retweet mention : If you use Instagram &amp; Google Chrome and you aren't using Instagram for Chrome, you're real silly: url 
1	retweet mention : Vegas, you've been good to me. But it's time for me to go home. emoji 
0	Almost time for me to dream about things that I wish that could happen but knowing it wont happen again.
1	Sitting under the dryer with 39% on my phone emoji 
0	I've collected 605 gold coins! url ipad, ipadgames, gameinsight 
1	Why can't everything be perfect
1	Drew got my phone for half a second and had to tweet something stupid
0	retweet mention : mention You Gone Comee Too My Gamee ?
0	Floyd wrestling coach stokes
1	Hey jaylin liston! Keep tweeting x and gomaroons to help support our school! GO MAROONS! mention 
0	 mention emoji forthe emoji to emoji its a NewLegend in PHILLY mention url url via
1	 mention mention right, clearly you didn't check out his monster year last year. On par with legends
1	 mention can i have your autograph?
1	" mention ""well i cant blame her, i am pretty great"" he says pretending to be cocky url "
0	Passengers cry and pray as smoke-filled plane rattles to emergency landing --&gt; url 
0	 mention mention it's not Friday and you aren't cool see the relationship?
0	Isn't it time you read a really good mystery, and had a good laugh at the same time? Romp through 1920s New York.. url 
1	I think this is the comfiest outfit I've ever worn emoji 
1	“ mention : 50¢ tacos!! KingTaco” emoji wen 
0	Its 'M' Day today, After Marsh it would be Miller now. CLT20 
1	retweet mention : “ mention : Goodmorning” morning!!
1	 mention thanks for the follow smiley can't wait till Oct 1st!
0	retweet mention : Use NEOrunway &amp; help mention with their last decisions TODAY,you could win a personal vine thank you from me http…
1	Had fun with my family this weekend just getting in the house
1	Good catch!
1	I didn't know they had the ability to score..
1	Future ? Im ready to fight !
1	retweet mention : 647 days until SwimTrials16! Here's the complete list of time standards! url 
1	I'm just getting tired of this it's to hard
1	I'm done with her emoji 
1	I wanna be your lover..
1	 mention emoji Type Shit!
1	retweet mention : Crisis in relations between Russia &amp; the West ‘even if Ukraine conflict resolved overnight’: mention IISS_GSR 
1	""" mention : MY HAND SMELLS LIKE MOSQUITO REPELLENT EMABiggestFans5SOS"" "
0	 skpols205 week one lectures have been posted on blackboard!
1	retweet mention : If you ignore me, I hate you
0	Update: Orbs of Eternity (Games) url ios apps 
0	right now
1	 mention mention love it!!
0	The Zone - The Weeknd
0	The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it. - Henry David Thoreau
0	retweet mention : Scrub-a-dub-dub – make your pets comfortable with getting into the tub! url url 
0	 mention Do you have the curved tv?
1	retweet mention : No one is safe today
1	retweet mention : retweet mention : mention UMass motto: Let's have a football team the band can be proud of.
0	 mention but same
0	We bout to take off ✈️✈️
1	I got a runny nose
0	 mention We're aware of the issues with the Wi-Fi and are looking to resolve them ^CDB
0	Toni Hubbs look twins
0	"“ mention : "" mention : Too perf 4 u. url mention ”"
1	I'm at Autocom url 
1	retweet mention : Heenim became Anna today instead!!
1	I swear this year made me become infinitely lazy.
1	If you choose to be a vegetarian for ethical reasons, that's cool. Admirable, even. But let's not pretend eating meat is UNNATURAL.
1	 mention its teeth get taken out
0	retweet mention : America, Colorado has just out pumpkin-spiced you all. Behold! Pumpkin spice pot muffins. DROP THE MIC YOU GUYS. https…
1	 mention Can't wait to see how Kai's physique has improved this year, keep the tweets coming 2014mrolympia 
0	"retweet mention : Youth Over Flowers Team Laos. Equally hawt! "" mention : More photos from mention magazine Credits to YYS FB url "
1	retweet mention : mention mention this was so lovely scene.. Amazing dialogues. U guys nailed it! Perfect expressions!! &lt;3 &lt;3 h…
0	retweet mention : don't forget about keynote speaker tonight at 6:30 in betts! mention mention mention mention mention mention …
0	 mention my dms are ragerzz.. u should come rave
0	“The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.” - Lao Tzu
0	retweet mention : So i got my 290x up to 780 / 780 Ti levels on the Linux drivers. Now if mention can fix the stuttering, I can be a happy ga…
1	B to the A to the N to the G to the hey!
1	Getting antsy just thinking about the 25? Watching this countdown timer will only make it worse: url 
1	It's good to be home. mention mention Lucas Oil Stadium url 
0	 mention record wise yes lol.. Potential no..
0	retweet mention : Women worked hard 2get this privilege,don’t take it 4 granted.Exercise ur right 2vote mention TNTweeters url 
1	""" mention : Problems are created to make us stronger."""
0	Vizzywig 4K App Enables 4K Video Recording on Your iPhone 5s for $100 url 
1	 mention mention lmao I randomly saw that picture and was infatuated. Thank you for that.
0	 mention mention mention no, that's definitely not one that I've encountered . I'll let you now if I ever do
1	HES EVEN HOTTER NOW THIS IS NOT HEALTHY FOR ME url 
0	my flow sicker than H1N1 mixed with AIDS needles with rabies emoji 
1	I refuse to believe the Nick Cannon/Amber Rose theory. REFUSE.
0	"retweet mention smiley ay 4 of ""10 Day of Opal"" Create an Opalcoin Meme. Post a link in the Reply.. Reply with the most Favorites wins 10k …"
1	 mention mention hahahaha why?.. Just why Cam..
1	 mention Ouch, I'm sorry then.
0	Sometimes it's tough to make the right choice. Other times.. url 
1	If our attitude is not one of hope and gratitude , no matter the circumstance , we will not find the joy and peace we look for .
1	retweet mention : . mention thanks for standing up to SaveTheArctic, Tom! url url 
1	“ mention : emoji BRUH url 
0	 mention fall in love with fashion with the latest trends in luxury style like us on Facebook/Instagram mention &amp; mention 
0	Its almost here!
0	I don't miss a thing hea
1	retweet mention : Cardinals get some good news CB Antonio Cromartie No ACL tear, has an hyperextended knee, bone bruise.
0	retweet mention : Goodnight twitter emoji 
1	I ain't tweet that shit fa nothing
0	retweet mention : Parents-1st hr tardies are a concern.We have been addressing this the last few days.Lunch detentions will be assigned st…
0	Is it a bad idea to let your boyfriend know that you never had an orgasm? url sex free 
1	 mention Excellent! emoji *laughs while crunching on Fruity Pebbles emoji 
1	First day of autumn !! emoji 
0	No Calls ? I Understand . No Text ? I Understand , But When You See Me With Someone Else Please Understand .. BITCH !!
0	Do couples have real conversations anymore? Do they just coexist because it is easier than divorce? Are they just roommates?
1	 mention we dine in hell? :O
0	4 more days mention emoji 
0	 mention must be boo.
0	Why Police is conveying BOGUS age of girl to d court in Asaram Bapu Ji's case? POCSOmisuseExposedGiveBail2Bapuji url 
0	See if I go to sleep, will this still update?? url 
0	retweet mention : today's got me feeling like.. url 
0	 mention As fetching as Misha's knee is, this is totally my fav thing the preview's bestowed to us.
1	Anime club with the hoes! mention mention 
1	retweet mention : Thanks everyone!! We love you all! Will announce the winner of DanielsHoodie soon!
1	Fels was the best when the whole Ozone was in that jawn 🅾 emoji 
0	 mention mention mention mention mention mention haha Kelsey I kept one of those hats
1	 mention hahahahahahahadid you googlie yourself!
0	 mention Hey Friend, please open below link and vote for me! smiley Thanks! God Bless You.. url …
0	 mention This is not a criticism of the party but of the electoral system, the MPs are not exercising independent thinking.
0	retweet mention : RETWEET IF THIS WAS YOUR CHILDHOOD url 
1	retweet mention : Sssnack on. url 
0	 Food, Allergies, and Eczema at DadChat with Mei url via mention 
1	Bailing a homeboy out!
0	retweet mention : Under water selfie url 
0	 mention follow me
0	Photo: Ustadh Nouman Ali Khan describes Story Night MuslimCommunityCenter Islam Muslim.. url 
0	go go for Gold idol mention Xian Lim XL2 Live In Starmall
1	Why does my heart feel so bad? Why does my soul feel so bad??
0	retweet mention : When doubts filled my mind, your comfort gave me renewed hope and cheer (Ps 94:19, NLT).
0	Trying to Get Press Coverage for Your Small Business? Here's How | url url multiply results grow 
0	 mention mention I thought it was till 11:59
1	" mention looking forward to seeing you again. Saw you at MK Governors conference last year, big fan of ""Change"". Will say hello!"
1	 mention u still on my Twitter spreading your disease none of my kids need to catch what u got
1	 mention His job doesn't predispose him even though he makes tackles &amp; is tackled. But I'll say he's very smart at his job. Dat explains it.
1	retweet mention : A&amp;M is 4-0, we're 4-0.. A&amp;M is killing teams, we're killing teams.. Oh emoji 
0	retweet mention : [ OMSRFC] ⚽ BUUT DE GIGNAC !! OM 1-0 Rennes
0	FURTHERMORE: 1. My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy 2. College Dropout 3. Yeezus 4. 808s and Heartbreak 5. Late Registration 6. Graduation
0	Live! url 
0	Peculiar Followership | Lloyd Williams url 
1	Don't blame people for disappointing you, blame yourself for expecting too much from them. AssumingKaLang 
0	 mention manicure and puppy shopping
0	""" mention : mention why don't u mention that person, huh? emoji can i do it, or? cause u know i'll do it, but just if u want me to. ☺️"" bye"
1	Happy birthday to ma bff josh luv ya emoji ❤️ url 
1	 mention and I do mean unfortunately emoji 
1	 mention for sure not their worst album. Sounds like fun.
1	God I feel terrible emoji 
1	Plainfield farmers market = SUPER lame
1	 mention i will go in london hope i'll meet you please follow me i love you more than me emoji x1332
1	Who got a free sub at mention ? This kid did. Thank u mention 
1	 mention that's shit.
0	retweet mention : More I look at PM Cameron - his bunch - more I fancy the Raving Monster Loony Party - they don't fiddle expense - have us …
1	retweet mention : Slowly turning racist.. url 
0	Done ya smiley give me like dong — Udah ya, like back bang smiley url 
1	I just.. I dont know. I dont know
1	""" mention : michael is the most beautiful human inside and out I'm so in love url "
0	Generik HITS THE DECKS AT PLATINUM NIGHTCLUB Broadbeach TOMORROW NIGHT FOR THE WEEKEND AUSTRALIAN TOUR!!.. url 
0	I need to sleep now tho
1	sleeping in probably want the thing to do emoji 
0	"Name came before the building got burnt "" mention : Is it called BBA HOTSHOTS because the building got burned or the show its self is hot?"""
1	Matts rabbit died emoji 
1	orange caramel did a performance of copy cat where they are dressed as frozen characters?? i am confused
1	“ mention : 42 FREAKING DAYS TO I SEE THE LOVES OF MY LIFE IN CONCERT emoji mention ”YESS OMG
0	 mention it is
0	 mention That's what I'm talking about although I was having heart failures the first part of the game- NFLSunday 
1	 mention is just too stunning emoji 
0	Best UFO Sightings April 2014 New UFOs File Roswell UFOs Documentary HD: Best UFO Sightings April 2014 - New U.. url 
0	retweet mention : Making our way through the crowds at T2! WilliamsTrackWalk url 
1	ⓒ ☺️✨ it's slowly, but I'm being replaced.. url 
0	retweet mention : “ mention : mention Wasgudie” Wassgood Bro
1	My fucking health teacher just blew mine
0	You are what you eat in this life. What you produce is a function of what you eat. What you produce you BECOME.
1	 mention we could be next like..
1	I hate this internet!!
0	Want to know more about the purpose of life? Watch the following url atheism athiest 
1	am i missing something??
0	If Real Life Was Like A Video Game url 
1	 mention none of your games work on the iPhone 6, with iOS 8
0	your best bet! mention 
0	after my badminton training, i will immediately go to araneta
1	If I ever want a girl I can bet some money I could get haa emoji 
0	retweet mention : url Find out what's happening next week during CleanupArchway mention mention mention …
1	He's happy to be in the car! Pancho! url 
0	Lot of anger (and justifiably so) for what we're watching. Fed up? Answer w your TV remote &amp; your wallet. $ &amp; ratings bring change. Goodell 
0	 mention mention &amp; someone claiming to run mention posted a link to a similar tumblr account as hers as proof of being her…
0	retweet mention : The Nine Letter Word Every Marketer Needs To Remember At All Times url 
1	 mention great seeing you!
1	" mention please say "" HII FEER"" to me? i love you bro! haha ❤"
0	retweet mention : Entered our FreebieFriday comp yet? For your chance to WIN this url retweet and follow mention + mention …
1	" mention screaming to people ""I LOVE THIS FUCKING SOUND"" followed by some dancing? Or is that just me?"
1	 mention ok this was funny
1	retweet mention : The 3 Musketeers! Top ambassadors 4 road safety 2day! BuckleUpBackSeat. Agree? mention mention mention url 
1	Iggy Got Some Cake Tho! emoji 
1	retweet mention : Goal: Ronaldo return to Manchester United possible, says Gary Neville url MUFC 
1	super excited for next weeks game in Del Rio emoji 
0	 AgtFinaleStartsTonight can't wait
1	You a cheater
0	retweet mention : Please be advised we are entering the weekend. Clothing is optional. Try to keep the socializing to a minimum. Refrain…
0	retweet mention : Big big shout out to mention SALUTE !!
1	retweet mention : OMG emoji mention emoji CheekToCheek emoji with mention emoji is just emoji awesome emoji LittleMonsterForever emoji 
0	Can never sleep the night before a game
1	 mention holy fudge throw some my waay lol
1	I'm just ready to see Fizz emoji 
1	retweet mention : I bet the NFL is wishing Tim Tebow was their worst nightmare right about now.
1	“ mention : always wanna go on adventures late at night”
1	nice apartment url 
0	Today 1914 Snoeck: On guard. Raining. Cover trenches with straw, wait, huddled in holes ypressalient ww1 ypres lestweforget westhoek 
0	" mention He ranked a hand through and then pulled roughly at his own curls. ""there's.. There's some things you need to know."" He +"
1	Area affected by pollution from the Holuhraun eruption at noon tomorrow, an interactive map. url url 
0	Going to bed early as shit tonight.
0	retweet mention : The package is complete now. Rest easy Razorbacks. Only one more left to go..Pett..well, you know. url 
1	 mention good morning sis smiley mention 
1	Episode 35 of the FRAUDCast. Your parent's expected so much better of you. url 
0	I wonder if cam turns some of his fans notifications on? emoji 
0	 emoji High waist $395 s m L emoji emoji Envios via Mexpost $50 emoji Pedidos al 9831366489 fashion fashiongirl modamexico mextagr.. url 
1	whathaapple ..??!! url 
1	*would .ffs
1	retweet mention : . mention mention mention mention mention mention This is a very, very sad day for music. No…
1	Got paid today! iloveworking 
1	61 in my accounting exam emoji 
1	 mention you got it, just arse about on it
1	retweet mention : put your hands together for friday url 
0	retweet mention : 3⃣0⃣ minutes you hooligans better be ready ❤️
1	 mention awe ok. Im all out smiley 
0	 mention mention but fr fr tho emoji 
0	Im a shopaholic n Idc
1	 mention lmao emoji damn do you help him get followers because ima need you to hook me up
1	retweet mention : Finna Pull Up On My Ex, Pull Up On My Ex Make That Bitch Mad emoji 
0	My life sucks lol
0	"Channeling Marcellus Wallace from Pulp Fiction. "".. you may feel a slight sting. That's pride f*cking with you. F*ck pride."""
1	Ok now i miss my starlord at home
1	I will devour this curry poutine
0	retweet mention : retweet mention : Each member saying their goodbyes~
0	 mention mention i miss you doing kdramas! congrats for my lovable girl!
1	It feels like Monday..it's gonna be a long week.
1	I want to go skinny dipping in the ocean right now
0	Or devil. Or fun-person. Idk. ENABLER - there we go. That works too. ..my glass is almost empty.
0	retweet mention : Red Bull Esports Studio: url via mention 
1	retweet mention : Columbia, thank you so much. You were the perfect way to start a tour. It's been a while and you were incredible. Love .x
0	retweet mention : TO CHANGE EVERYTHING WE NEED EVERYONE..SEE YOU ON SUNDAY! url 
0	Want to win utsarec gear? Check out these fun ways to participate for prizes like shaker bottles, t-shirts &amp; more! url 
0	This Thursday, September 18th is the 3rd Thursday of the month. That means it's time for another Community Wide.. url 
0	Always cheated never defeated BetterTogether 
0	Our neighbors unknowingly decorated for Halloween overnight. So sad. The nest came out and the bird… url 
0	I relate to different ages for all of these emoji -- The Differences Between Going Out At 18, 25 And 30 url 
1	 mention Thank you for your tweets and updates smiley 
1	retweet mention : mention mention What's tragically amazing is the Philippines has suffered 95% deforestation since WWII. No way that doesn'…
1	 mention has always been my fav. ♡ Ever since GirlVsMonster Disney ☆
1	It took a while, but Wendy's better than mcdonalds now. Also more expensive..but worth it
1	MY HEART &amp; SOUL emoji url 
1	 mention lmfao that was forever ago emoji 
1	retweet mention : “ mention : I live near Obama Jacob is Jeloud” oh my gosh you know his address dm me please
0	 piccollage My G mention turned me on to his clothing line.. Its designed for all the guys who… url 
1	 mention mention I int begging atall. emoji 
1	Pretty sure I had the best birthday ever this year. I love the people I've surrounded myself with.
1	Happy 40th Birthday Triathlon 
1	"retweet mention : ""I don't want zerrie to ger married"""
1	this new layout is ew
0	Check out the specs on these guys.. mention do organic with an edge sustainable recycled… url 
1	Today wasn't one of those days if you were wondering. I was suprisingly on point.
1	 mention You're welcome and thank you, Jude smiley 
0	 mention this is the greatest tweet of time.
0	Our team caught up yesterday- found out we've spoken to more than 400 people and had 6 group meetings- resulting in 10 successful actions!
1	""" Love,you hurt my heart """
0	retweet mention : Russian ambassador has just received a protest against the grave violation of Swedish airspace by Russian fighters-bombers o…
0	"retweet mention : LADIES!! The Kindle version of ""The Power of the Pussy Part Two"" is on sale for only .99 cents!! THIS WEEK ONLY!! url "
0	 mention mention exchange guy, guy.guy
1	In this weather you can wear literally anything emoji 
1	retweet mention : Because I'm going through this right now: if you suffer with depression and/or anxiety, please reach out for help, if at a…
0	“ mention : I just want October.”
0	 mention Amen..!
0	 mention I don't.
0	3 days to go until the AAI2014 Gala event in NYC. Proud to support mention ! url 
1	"""Unless you choose to do great things with it, it makes no difference how much power you have - Oprah"""
0	I lost 1 follower recently and i know who that is thanks to url app
0	 mention lmao maby it's because I'm to busy doing push ups
1	I want to kill you with one last kiss.
1	 mention now that you've got me excited I'm going to take a nap and pray my sins away ..
1	Feels good when you fall asleep cuddled up behind me emoji hard working ass
0	 mention See you're a huge NFL Football fan you need to be following mention &amp; mention 
0	Using Notify with Incident Alert Management url ServiceNow 
1	retweet mention : If you a bird I'm a bird too emoji 
0	FLORIDA STATE SURVIVES! No. 1 FSU beats No. 22 Clemson in OT, 23-17.
0	My bell end says it's now September 20, 2014 at 10:30AM!
1	retweet mention : If you are a football fan, you have to be thrilled to watch Vernon Hargreaves vs. Amari Cooper this weekend. Both futur…
1	 mention i dropped out homie
0	retweet mention : NEXT TWEET || retweet TO BE PICKED
1	Aww..you RULE too Kelly! smiley mention mention 
0	TONIGHT On mention Catch Queen Bey And The King OnTheRunHBO At 9/8C
0	retweet mention : # throwbackthursday mention Here I am from 1974 looking like a part of Duck Dynasty ( except… url 
1	AWW!! My girlfriend and her hubby are going to the doctor today to find out the sex of their unborn baby. (cont) url 
0	retweet mention : Harry Styles url 
1	retweet mention : Ogolfer is bombing Syria. Attacking rebels he wanted to arm not so long ago. Wait for the 'accidental' stray bomb landing …
1	 mention I will continue to try to give you all what I can give. I only have a love. So, I will give all my love just for you
1	retweet mention : iPhones need a cancel message button emoji 
1	“ mention : mention IT’S MY BIRTHDAY. emoji ”happy birthday baby girl emoji 
1	 mention night night babe!
1	One person followed me in the last day thanks to url app
0	"Front flap for kite messenger bag limited edition and numbered 9. This one has the ""NOT FOR SALE"" tag on it. NFS.. url "
0	retweet mention : Looking for small prize items for charity golf tournament. Mugs, golf balls, shirts etc. Let me know if you can help! yy… 
0	retweet mention : Mondays url 
0	retweet mention : You may be up against a big challenge. That means you need to get ready. You’re about to see a promise come to pass.
1	whats bugado emoji emoji 
0	retweet mention : Nothing like a little self in to start your day off right .. Head to toe MobCandy all available mention … url 
1	"retweet mention : BoA in Nagoya ZIP-FM""LACHIC CENTURY SESSION"" smiley url "
0	retweet mention : tune in to the LockerRoom on mention now we have mention mention mention mention mention Madrid De…
1	retweet mention : JUST IN: Man arrested over deaths of three people after blast in Sydney's inner west url url 
1	I wish lady in the glass dress was a full song fuck
1	 mention mention aw thank you brooke emoji 
0	retweet mention : mention mention I was told that I am listed and that they'll never remove me as a punitive measure to make me talk about W…
1	Girl I know you wanna be my main chick
0	 mention url hes posting it soon! get ready
1	retweet mention : Stat of the Day: Through 2 weeks, J.J. Watt has more TD receptions than the St. Louis Rams. url 
1	 mention thanks boy!
1	How do you not like trailer park boys
0	 mention yes just like I told you
0	Lol. That whole situation is a joke.
0	Mars Mission:India creates istory as Mangalyaan successfully enters Mars orbit in first attempt IndiaAtMars url 
1	"retweet mention : Ray Rice's wife forgave him after all that.. That's a classic example of ""for better or for worse"". That's true love"
0	I'm better than most not because of what I've been able to gain but becausde of what I've been able to endure.. url 
0	 mention PLEASE MAKE SHOTS WORK ON SAMSUNG GALAXY S2
1	I try not to burn bridges, but some times that be so difficult emoji 
1	Oh and then gave me a fucking torn apart donut. mention Ridiculous unhappy what?! url 
0	retweet mention : JoeScarborough.We Wont Learn emoji Shock&amp; Awed Our Way In2 IRAQ &amp; Failed In Every Conceivable Way.Lost Lives SufferedTragic Injuries&amp;…
1	retweet mention : mention I just got that joke emoji 
0	retweet mention : Today is a great day for a..??
0	 mention i ain't mean the eyes
1	retweet mention : thank u mention so much for having me last night I had so much funn &amp; got to meet so many sweet loves after! thank…
0	b's rose only has five petals because she is a child, while Garry has ten, being a young adult. IbFact BOT 
0	 mention I love you so much, I think I learned from Austin. I thank God for putting you in his life. Follow me! TE AMO! BRAZIL ♥♥
0	Do angels know what we are thinking by reading our minds or are they simply observing our body language?
1	 mention 'Bill Bentley? The Lions DB??' LOLL!!
1	"retweet mention : if I'm mad &amp; someone tells me to ""calm down"" it makes me even more upset emoji like don't tell me to calm dawn tf emoji "
1	All that I want in life is for luke hemmings to follow me. Why is that never gonna happen? I'm so sad emoji 
0	5 Can’t-Miss Games On Calgary Flames 2014-15 Schedule url RantNHL NHL 
1	 mention mention I can't smiley 
0	retweet mention : Scoreless after one in the Bronx. LetsGoYankees 
1	 mention mention but that character syafiq and thomas paling comel kan like i ship diorg so hard emoji 
0	retweet mention : I also learned that Garfield is a cat.
0	"retweet mention : mention why is this the main result from a google search for bullying silences""? url Bell… "
1	retweet mention : I feel so relaxed, finally a day without homework emoji 
1	retweet mention : I be ready to Jack emoji with folks that don't play football and say the shit easy
1	 mention I love it!
0	 mention hey can you please retweet/FAV this emoji → url &amp; tweet TatiForItalianUGirl to mention &amp; mention ? ty❤
1	To all you iPhone users out there who have yet to shatter your screen, be grateful.
0	 mention I was till they let my boy go
1	 mention I have no clue!
1	"retweet mention : ""FOUR is already nominated for an award even its still not released"" EMABiggestFans1D url "
0	 mention I thought you knew everything Kappa Jk Lol
1	U.S. hospitals unprepared to handle Ebola waste: Waste management companies are refusing to haul away the soil.. url 
1	Ashton Irwin means so much to me ❤️ NationalAshtonIrwinDay EMABiggestFans5SOS 
1	retweet mention : HOW ARE ALL MY CRAZY CATERPILLARS emoji 
0	Looking for worldwide promo contact aaron mention .com
1	 mention oh cool
1	retweet mention : He cursed her heart with his love.
1	lol retweet mention : Close enough smiley url 
0	I was munchied out all day today
1	 mention mention mention I'm so excited emoji 
0	 mention did your baby grow out of the newborn within the 2weeks? I've heard to get size one only and I've heard get a box of newborn
0	You Might Want To Hug Your Dog After Reading This. Seriously. url 
0	retweet mention : Watch for more news on Fri | 9/19 mention to engage students re sexual violence, url mention is a…
1	Goodmorning..
0	 mention *sprinkles holy water *
0	 mention Here you go: url 
0	 mention how is mw3 treating you today bc for me im getting in lobby with kids that are in the shotgun hall of fame
1	Just because I'm not speaking to you doesn't mean I don't miss you.
0	How can I insert emoji through my iPad mini? appledummy 
0	retweet mention smiley aredevil Risking His Life For A Beautiful Shot of Dubai At Night url 
1	“ mention : Someone FaceTime me or something. I can't sleep” url 
1	U ain't got no life
0	 mention Me either. they usually go on their own
0	Soybean to palm oil demand seen rising amid higher energy use url 
0	Two of the most prolific strikers in the BPL - Diego Costa and mention - go head-to-head on Sunday MCICHE url 
1	 url A very cute war. url 
1	 mention thanks for following
1	retweet mention : mention mention we don't need babysitters emoji we're just a fun time emoji 
0	Direct message Me emoji 
0	I lost 1 follower recently and i know who that is thanks to url app
0	Find New Jobs in Brighton url 
0	retweet mention : Got a nibble. url 
0	retweet mention : When shit get real you see who really got your back.
1	Im going into Glasgow tomorrow night and i cant wash my hair because i have blood scabs all over my head and it will hurt. maybe dry shampoo
0	retweet mention : In Frankie’s mind, at the finale, none of the rest of the jury will vote. He’ll stand up, throw glitter and declare th…
0	retweet mention : My life DOES NOT stop when people stop talking to me. If you're NOT helping me GROW as a BETTER MOTHER/PERSON! You have …
1	Is there such a thing as healthy eating is only for main courses? We don't think so! We believe even the.. url 
1	strange how someone you cared so much for can just go their own way &amp; stop talking to you as if you meant nothing to them but hey thats life
1	retweet mention : BENCHES CLEARED!!
0	retweet mention : The right way to eat waffles url 
0	 mention mention what a machine! Hopefully he truly feels good, rather than forcing it.
1	Plotless or on a work break? This is probably where you should be spending your day. url ShikaMita 
1	Thanks, huizar, for your excellent review mention url 
0	retweet mention : OSSTF congratulates mention on their hard work in reaching a negotiated tentative agreement. osstf bctf 
0	 mention lol thanks
0	this dude Black Milk tho url 
1	Good night url 
0	retweet mention : SOULHEAVENSUNSEPT28th, Let em know!! mention mention mention mention mention mention mention ht…
0	Getting a message iFunny url 
1	retweet mention : Uh Belle.. He had told you to stay out the west wing gaddang you don't listen girl eldwp 
0	 mention I have follow u ni
1	Pretty Incredible - m4w url 1. love word of the day: February 14, 2011 nature's way of tricking people into reproducing
1	retweet mention : mention fuck you
0	na, but yeah..
0	$NNRX Views Recent Product Order as Sign of Present, Future Growth url url 
0	 mention my waiver pick ups last week. Knile davis. Cousins!
0	I posted a new photo to Facebook url 
1	yoga for lunch ♥
1	 mention im sayin tho lol me too its bout time i aint gettin no younger emoji 
1	He Is Life emoji 
0	I be laughing at every goddamn thang
1	Alright, Sweden, let's calm down. 20F (-8C) in September is a bit much.
1	"retweet mention : ""Oh, and another thing.."" -about to tell you ten more things"
1	retweet mention : This lesbian couple got married after being together for 72 years – They're both in their 90's. url 
1	retweet mention : Lovely hour just playing with my little baby boy heartswelling ernest ❤️ x url 
0	retweet mention : For Sale on Flippa: Business with 33,854 uniques/mo making $700/mo NO RESERVE HUGE Business! - url 
1	“ mention mention yup I fucked every nigga in miami show me my hoefax. Little hoe nigga wants attention so bad emoji ”u sound like every hoe
1	IceJJFish wishes he was a singer so bad, even tho he knows he's off key he doesn't care, who full a pride like him
0	"Check out Bruce's short film ""Kicking Back with My Dogs,"" made exclusively for Yahoo! Style in support of his new.. url "
0	Petition to make Joe, Jesus PutnamCountySpellingBee 
0	retweet mention : Alright I'll post it in 12 minutes won't annoy you all with a countdown just be ready to revine emoji 
0	Time Warner Cable to televise final six Dodgers url kdoc localbroadcaststation dodgers tv 
1	Not THIS SONG emoji 
0	So, how 'bout it then? PirateRadio midnightmark 
1	“ mention : Why the fuck did Kanye make a song dissing gold diggers then go and marry one?” emoji 
1	This doctor off already pack good thang I'm the first one
1	 mention still waiting for you at the grand! Fuck getting paid, I'll drop you for free. . boxing 
1	Every Time I look up niggas talking down emoji 
1	Alhamdulillah, all assignments done. Now I need to focus for finals. God bless
0	 MutualofOmaha is hiring a Sales - Entry level in LosAngeles, apply now! job url url 
0	retweet mention : Life ain't good, but it ain't all bad..
0	"retweet mention : When bae says ""Come over, I'm home alone"" url "
1	 mention emoji I believe it
0	Drumbeat builds for putting U.S. troops in harms way against Islamic State: url url 
0	 mention me and you aint had a twitter beef in a while, wanna start one up?
0	1.MU 2.Manchester City 3.Arsenal 4.Chelsea?
1	 mention , as mathematician, I can say you did a great job in your Draw Call article. Awesome for an introductory class.
0	"AKB48's concept: ""Idol you can meet everyday"". 48Fact "
0	retweet mention : fifty one EMABiggestFansJustinBieber 
1	retweet mention : !!“ mention : Yall can tweet about sex , but can't tweet about black men becoming doctors smh url 
1	" mention Skylar is injected now by the doctor mention when his sister comes in. He inhales a deep breath;bites his lower lip. ""Ugh~"""
0	How to use social selling throughout the buyer's journey: url socialselling via mention mention 
1	retweet mention : What a great show Tulsa thank you very much url 
1	Feel so bad I couldn't work today emoji 
0	" mention ""Well, you've got enough time. You can go out."" He chuckled."
1	I have yet to get to oomf..
0	when Michael Clifford doesn't follow me mention url 
1	retweet mention : sometimes i can be pretty. url 
0	Carly Rae Jepsen- call me maybe mention BDMELODI_33 7 
1	""" mention smiley on't Talk All That Dumb Shit To Me emoji I Can Give A Fuck About It emoji "" emoji 🆗✋ emoji "
1	Fresh meat?? more nude ass pic?! Are you 18?Why are you posting this I'm not 18 I shouldn't be seeing this mention url 
1	I'm hot af. Just because I'm a mama (soon to be) doesn't make me any less attractive. Bitch.
1	I can't handle these photos all at once
1	retweet mention : Thanks for all the positive feedback guys! emoji mention mention mention 
1	 mention Good Package. . I'll be in touch
0	New shopping area at Voss and Hwy 6 in Sugarland, Tx. mention mention Any interest??
0	What are you waiting for?
0	On the News With Thom Hartmann: Senate Considers Amendment on Campaign Finance, and More url 
0	 Tucson participates in CarFreeDay, those who are carless today could win prizes environment url 
0	Stephen Jackson better then Jamal Lewis? Always thought they where similar could be wrong thoo
1	retweet mention : Really hoping that this week flys by emoji 
0	65,00+ people go to UCF and I have to see the guy I went on a date with like a year and a half ago wtf
0	So is this entire episode of gameday devoted to breaking down Winston?
0	Its crazy seeing a band live because the only time u get to see them is either on tv or on the internet
1	I'm soo picky when it comes to homecoming dresses
1	retweet mention : FASHIONABLEFRIDAY BeardGang, mention mention Are you parent who will not condone it, as long as the child r…
0	 mention i look lke a SAUSAGWE
1	retweet mention : mention you're the funniest girl on twitter !!
0	retweet mention : Here is the paramilitary wing of David Cameron's BetterTogether, celebrating with thuggery and Nazi salutes. c4news htt…
0	 emoji hi mention please pick mention she loves skip so much! shopdirtypig to 22,22 skipshoodie emoji x10
0	retweet mention : Ios8 got y'all deleting pics of your dead grandparents emoji 
0	Tried to persuade mention to vote yes by shouing facts at him. He had a coughing fit. Chat ended quickly! VoteYes 
0	"retweet mention : Louis van Gaal believes mufc fans ""shall enjoy themselves"" watching the Reds' attacking style this season."
0	 mention is closing in the mention , what would you like to see in it’s place?
1	“ mention : “ mention smiley rugs make me happy emoji ”why” you gotta give it a try
0	Our fav LT S mention mention url 
1	THE CHAMMPPIIOONNSS !!
0	 mention Right
1	I hate algebra emoji 
1	Kngeen Auliaa :-* [pic] — url 
1	retweet mention : good grades make my day emoji 
0	So basically if SKINS slipped BROADCHURCH a roofie, GLUE is what you'd end up with
0	retweet mention : Some finish that, don't forget that tackle from Alberto Moreno on the way though. Unreal that. LFC 
0	retweet mention smiley olphins Pro Bowl center Mike Pouncey (hip) returns to practice url 
0	 mention you're young, but you've seen the light and are cherished forever. *holds tight*
1	How are you helping BackAmerica from your own backyard?
1	 mention mention Awesome! Thanks for listening
1	Being grounded is so lonely
1	Charles Harbison Delights in Androgynous Ethos of His Rising Star Design .. - New York Observer url design 
0	 mention thnx4da&lt smiley &gt;``ditto
0	Don't forget..Corsica Watershed Awareness Day is Sept 20 url 
1	Setiap hari baca something from internet that motivate me and to prevent depression but nothing changed me
1	""" mention : retweet if you would go if we all got back together.."" OMFG I TOTALLY WOULD I WOULD LIKE CRY LIKE HOLY SHIT PLEASE BABYS"
0	Lemme start on this homework
0	I just added this to my closet on Poshmark smiley ark Denim Capri to knees stretch. url via mention shopmycloset 
1	retweet mention smiley ylan O'Brien officially has the BEST victory dance EVER. url 
0	1 user I follow does not follow me back on Twitter. Find out who does not follow you back url 
0	What affects your CreditScore and CreditReport 77 url 
0	 url U.S. House passes bill to avert government shutdown, extend Export-Import bank url 
0	retweet mention : -Visitor emoji luis . Having A Talk W . mention , emoji follow beats url 
1	My New Twitter Layout Thouu emoji 
1	retweet mention : “This is a formidable movement. A growing passionate movement. It’s a movement that can win and won’t stop until we win!” Peopl… 
0	I just moved up to level 83 in CSRRacing for Android! You should check it out for FREE! url 
1	"""Hearts in Atlantis"" (2001) is a pleasant movie (C) DallasCritic &lt;nbxviu&gt;"
0	- What Are You Thinking ?
1	 mention are most of my tweets categorized as white people tweets? emoji 
0	Smile of recognition there exception taken of star scotia: placing my conquering hero cruz jersey musical revue open door the bear: kxnGne
1	"As you grow older, you realize it becomes less important to have more friends and more important to have real ones.”"""
1	A's have only scored more than 4 runs 10 times since August 1st. That even seems high.
1	retweet mention : mention because you hawwt gurl
0	who can I talk to emoji .
1	This need update sucks
1	 mention I noticed emoji 
1	Intellectual violence
1	 mention and im not deleting ANY soo.. emoji 
0	 mention IS IT GONNA BE LIKE A WEEKLY SHOW OR LIKE JUST A ONE TIME THING
0	Olivia in Shreveport Louisiana endorses Get Wom Leads - 01 &gt;&gt; Get FREE Leads
0	The world remains far from getting 58 million children in school by 2015. You can change that by calling 88039633 url 
1	What does it do ?! retweet mention : I'm happy I like my body wash. It cost like 25 dollars ☺️
0	 ARIANALATTE i mean Grande sitting in the BB16 audience..wonder if AmericasFavoriteplayer is rigged for Frankie 
0	Tennis Coach Hopes New Center Will Become A Hub For Minority Players url via mention 
0	it's about time url 
0	House shopping today! url 
1	I'm going to complain about that for the longest
0	retweet mention : He can't shop at topman url 
0	""" mention : Erm.. So mention is in the building at the expo and he's coming in tonight to party.. That's how we roll"" get me to P"
1	 mention you've learnt well my young one
0	This afternoon with Birmingham LGBT Topaz over 50's Project we are showing Behind the Candelabra.. url 
0	Buy 3 beats for $30 artists singers at url 
0	retweet mention : My debut album titled UnderPressure is dropping on 10/21/14. url 
0	On my way to class~!
0	Ok who did this url 
1	 Movies and two-day shipping? Only with mention Prime. Try it out! url deals savings 
0	 mention wait is this another one
0	retweet mention : I got songs on my phone that I will skip all day but won't delete em lol
0	New Hot Caramel Apple Cider now available! url 
1	TODAY MY GRANDPA TURN 71 emoji 
1	 mention happy birthday gorgeous emoji 
0	Carshare Coming to Brampton url via mention mention 
1	Beauty is an inner character.
0	retweet mention : Interested in ITjobs? Register and post your resume now on url 
1	"retweet mention : Yes "" mention : Oh? ""Juss_Tumiie: We no Longer care about Who's Ugly Anymore We just Want Faithful Partners"""""
0	"""A stockbroker urged me to buy a stock that would triple its value every year. I told him, 'At my age, I don't.. url "
1	retweet mention : Where I want to be right now url 
1	Can't discipline a child in the US anymore. I'm going to migrate to France.
0	 mention mention exactly what Fyfe got done for and he got two weeks. Agree its a crap rule but one gets two weeks one gets off..
0	retweet mention : Tf is a cinnamon apple
0	retweet mention : Some call it arrogance I call it confidence emoji url 
0	Finding Solutions url 
1	retweet mention : You can't please everybody.
1	I am totally TeamDerrick emoji best player I've seen in a very long time. BB16 
1	I can hold on to something for so long , I just can't leave something or someone that I fought for , for so long . its just not in me .
1	 mention mention cool
1	retweet mention : I almost always laugh at my own jokes.
0	Mean Pictures will cry retweet mention : Ok so its TimmiesDay tomorrow. .
1	Brother won his first game. Against Cass. proudsis smiley 
0	retweet mention : For those planning a late night, a map of the expected result times this evening indyref url via mention …
0	retweet mention smiley anny's bucket list: - green bucket - red bucket - yellow bucket - purple bucket - silver bucket - black bucket - orange…
1	retweet mention : guys i'm deleting my school to focus on twitter
0	Inning 7. SEA scored 1 run. Score: SEA: 11, LAA: 2 angels mariners mlb 
0	retweet mention : Hey mention . It's Robert McCloskey's 100th b'day. MakeWayforDucklings. Sketches mention url ht…
0	join now! url The Gaon Albums Chart ranks physical album sales, including mini-albums. It is complied from offline ..
1	Be Careful With My Heart Finale November 28 emoji 
0	retweet mention : Pisces try to love you in a way that when your friends see the love you have, they say i want that
1	I Can't Sign My Own Transfer Papers? emoji emoji 
1	retweet mention : This Picture of Nicki Minaj Has the Twitterverse Buzzing With Butt Implant Rumors url NISM 
1	Got one less problem without cha
1	Happy birthday you beautiful person emoji mention 
0	WMYB I HATE THIS SONG BUT SING ALONG ANYWAY AND GET EXCITED WHEN I HEAR I HAVE ISSUES
0	retweet mention : The Great Tapestry of Scotland: url … MondayBlogs Scotland art url 
0	Hey, still setting up my twitter, and youtube accounts.
0	 mention i need your opinion about my user
1	retweet mention : Yup basically smiley url 
0	 mention gonna details nig
0	"Girl's ""I am a Surf Girl"" T-shirt url "
0	retweet mention : Nana and Lee Soo Hyuk bundle up in 'Skechers' winter jackets for 'NYLON' + making film url url 
1	I added a video to a mention playlist url 1 month old baby literally dying for milk - very funny must watch
0	 mention oh, i'm at work. let me record it. let me know how it is!
0	NYC Bartender letter to powerful Hedge Funder url facebook 
0	I jarie waiting for you emoji 
0	I've collected 72,620 gold coins! url ipad, ipadgames, gameinsight 
1	retweet mention smiley o me
1	 mention happy birthday, lovely!!
1	I'm hungry af rn
1	"retweet mention : The bumbling Khurshid labeled China's 2013 Ladakh intrusion an ""acne"" but Modi responds forthrightly to new incursions &amp; wan…"
1	I know like 6 people who ain't got no date emoji shit sad man.
0	retweet mention : p.s. I haven't posted about this yet I'm so late but I can't believe I've been nominated for 6 EMAs!… url 
0	Come on tribe
0	 mention September 21, 2014 at 03:00AM retweet TFB TeamFollowBack TFB TFW FF Follow RTした人全員フォローする 10
0	Teenager from India invents device that can convert breath to speech (Science Alert smiley url via mention 
0	Twinkle Stars 2014 url 
0	Some days I want to hold your hand and cuddle with you.. Other days I want to throw you off a cliff!!¡
1	Thank you to all who attended the Allocation meeting last night! We are excited to see what these recipients will do YOUR dollars this year!
1	Tired aff
1	Good Night ♡ ..
0	Oh Sheldon emoji 
0	 mention how are u
0	retweet mention : I'm on younow
1	when my bestfriend reads me messages but doesnt respond back emoji &lt;&lt;&lt; mention 
1	You're e what you say. Beware with your every single word.
0	retweet mention : [NEWS PIC] 140918 2PM 'Go Crazy' M! Countdown Nichkhun url 
0	retweet mention : What yo do to me!! Video a be like gold
0	put some ice on it and chill
1	New job mention many new responsibilities.. work. Finally back to event business smiley 
1	i love you atan
0	retweet mention : By my unofficial and possibly wrong count the Brewers swept a team on 6 occasions this year: At BOS At PHI PIT At COL Cin…
0	"""All she wants to hear is you saying ""that's my girl"" to your boys."""
1	 mention Happy Birthday to UN-questionably the greatest quarterback to ever step foot on a foot ball field! HappyBirthdayDan 
1	My hair smells good this morning
1	 mention they just want them to be unprotected i swear
0	retweet mention : This is a product of the Umbrella Corporation. Our business is life itself. Some side effects may occur. url 
0	 mention q flasheas?
0	I've collected 19,424 gold coins! url android, androidgames, gameinsight 
1	retweet mention : MY MOM ISNT RICH BUT IVE NEVER NOT HAD FOOD IN MY MOUTH, CLOTHES ON MY BACK, AND SHOES ON MY FEET. IM BLESSED &amp; THANKFUL FOR H…
1	retweet mention : Phil Collins kills it in Tarzan
0	I'm so ready for this track season now .
0	retweet mention : Here's a RDExclusive pic of mention from Electrified! Watch the music video here: url url 
0	 emoji “ mention : Just hinted that LeBron is actually in the building. Stay tuned.”
1	 mention book me out for the next one emoji 
1	 mention gfchat what do you prefer to drink at Starbucks?♥
1	retweet mention : So stressed about life yet here I am on twitter for hours emoji 
0	retweet mention : Wonder if he'll show the Sun Bowl Stadium a bit of his fancy footwork tonight? url WWATour 
0	The Way To Have A Top Mobile Marketing Plan url url 
1	retweet mention : School emoji .
0	You know you have some real power when you can basically tell the Senate to fuck off and not face any consequences CIA JohnBrennan 
1	retweet mention : mention 5 a.m. is early - thanks for doing it! MissionVolunteers ServeDenver 
1	RARE and beautiful Thriller era url 
1	 mention I miss you too emoji ❤ emoji 
1	retweet mention : Blessed Sunday..
1	 mention you should have taken the exit
0	 mention mention mention I never liked red until I dyed my hair brown fallstylechat 
0	retweet mention : 32' Real Madrid 3-0 Basilea RealMadridBAS RMLive 
0	“ mention : looks can be deceiving url Obsessed with this picture.
0	 mention mention My kids think mismatched socks is cool. parentingwin momchat 
0	Meet me at AAHHFEST !! Who's going?
0	Underwhelmed by The Chocolate ring mention think I'll stick to mention &amp; mention url 
1	The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can… url 
0	 mention I understand it's polite to offer them a coffee..
1	 mention ik emoji it hurts
0	. ISO and related industry standard certifications. We invite you to get in touch with us at: services mention .com.
0	 CRIC Having sat out all of the IPL season, Thisara Perera made his Kings XI Punjab debut as they chose .. url News 
1	 mention I am not persuaded that he is offended.
1	 mention your perfect. What you talking about??
1	retweet mention : Thanks for that mention emoji calvinklein mention dope nycalvins url 
0	"Khun to ChanWoo: ""you guys all know how to speak english, right?"" Yeah Chanwoo, we know you know how to speak english!"
1	 mention looks delish!
0	retweet mention : So this week is battleformalloybridge 
0	retweet mention : Watch the NEW “The Mockingjay Lives” official trailer for Mockingjay Pt. 1! Tix on sale 10/29! TheMockingjayLives htt…
0	 mention yeah that too
1	 mention mention bE SAFEE
0	“ mention : Now who's following an egg!” Is this supposed to be funny
1	I meant to say I hate wearing pants emoji !
1	 mention you gotta go SHAWTY
0	 mention downton abbey
0	 mention wanna go together ?
0	Bill Moyers and America’s Ideals url 
0	lookback May 2013 - “Invitation”: A Benghazigate poem | Power Line url 
1	She's like soo whatever
1	“ mention : I got that Kourtney love for ya, that crazy shit”
1	So sleepy ugh
1	Cathleen's first smile on her 2nd month. url 
0	Wanna hear my voice? Call me using GetCloser at iFriends I'm available now! url 
1	Sleepy emoji 
0	"""Everyone of you needs a ""Helen"" to assist you."" TRUTH"
1	 mention Holy Chilly Outside, Batman! Thinking Mother Nature has dementia and forgot that it's still summer! emoji url 
1	"People in the waiting room regarding Adrian Peterson,""Kids need to be switched, the kid probably deserved it."" O_O kid is 4!!"
1	Set de fotos: lovequotesrus: Everything you love is here url 
0	When there are no cars url 
0	I did both after parties for Hyte Park best believe I'm doing Time Warp after parties also emoji 
1	retweet mention : Note my goals for the week.
1	Always checking up on bae, miss that nigga emoji 
0	"retweet mention : ""Some things are just too beautiful to go a life time in the hands of one owner."" -Rodrigo Is this the truth? AreY… "
0	A snake just bit my eye! url H cctqqwsq url 
1	English Lit. Moc Exam next Thursday. Yay. Revising now.
1	retweet mention : secret service &amp; WH guards fail at their jobs, so everyone else should suffer further securicratization? bull. shit. url 
0	Fuck you retweet mention : The Wilson family should thank me. Pegula overpaid for the mention because of me!
1	retweet mention : Good news is the internet company Google will be just a historical footnote in 25yrs url via mention …
1	retweet mention : Smarter people are more likely to suffer from anxiety and depression.
0	Now following.. mention : mention kindly follow back
1	I absolutely love mention ! Having the most amazing time!
1	"retweet mention : Scientists say: the ""debate"" is over. The science is in. The time for action is NOW! url "
1	Simply loved Into the Hollow (Experiment in Terror) by karinahalle url ❤ url 
0	Buy me a puppy and i'll love him forever ❤️ emoji not you.
1	I have yet to meet another guy with the same personality as him
0	The mickgeorgemini is in and around peterborough today! MiniWatch 
1	retweet mention : Only if somebody could see how I be feeling and go threw wat I go threw but one day it will be over then I won't feel lik…
0	 mention mention are they somthing oh wut umm..*confused*.. idk
0	""" mention Thx 4 following! Visit my website url I personally answer all e-mail."" via url "
0	Touring url — at Dunluce Castle url 
0	retweet mention : Ears are blocked, can't speak, land 5 mins before the show .. Tonight's going to be interesting hahahaha
1	I made it up here without tripping and falling- I really deserve this targetff 
0	I just unlocked the Hit the Polls pin on mention ! url 
0	retweet mention : Via mention : Ebola: joint UN assessment response team heads to Liberia url 
1	People who touch or have mice as pets. Eeeww
1	"retweet mention : "" mention : Have sex with the same person emoji get money with the same person emoji and be ducked off with the same person✌️ emoji ❤️"""
1	I had some in n out today and it felt like I haven't had it in forever smiley 
1	Let's go!!
0	; Putin: Impossible to say when political crisis in Ukraine will end on url 
0	 mention so what grade did you get on the book? (I just finished ur story in snapchat) lol
1	fabulous ft jeremih // it's time
1	""" mention : blink fast url Trippy =)"
0	"Od"" mention : This a good looks url "
1	retweet mention : “ mention : there's nothing harder than waking up everyday and remembering you're in love with someone you can't be with”
1	 mention thank you!! emoji 
0	Its okay
0	just it. url 
1	Wow ! this Kenshin Travis tape isn't horrible
1	Wtf have i just watch url 
0	Campaigners work to sway voters: CNN's Max Foster meets campaigners on both sides of the Scottish independence.. url 
1	 mention I'm trying to clean out my deck. Too many cards that I don't know what to do with.
0	Ariana Grande Gets Cosy with Chris Brown in Latest Music Video: Big Sean 'Jealous' url url 
0	"retweet mention : ""I just read last year 4,153,237 people got married. I don't want to start any trouble, but shouldn't that be an even num…"
0	retweet mention : The King fire has become the 2nd largest fire in CA this year. Fighting it costs about $5 million / day. url 
0	retweet mention : New Alien ReAction Figures from Funko - url 
1	Radley Lakes - going two tone in the mud! url 
0	 emoji Hey mention !! Can you please take 2 seconds of your day to follow me? I love you so much and you're my life emoji ×233
1	 mention Not bad but the straining process was not easy. I made a mess!
0	KATOOMBA Living Room Tv Units Design Furniture MODERN SOLID WOOD Check details here url url 
1	retweet mention : Sleep is nice, you forget about everything for a while.
1	my bitch bad like yo hoe supposed to be emoji 
1	I'm stressed out emoji 
0	“ mention : Best feeling url emoji 
0	retweet mention : Register to vote! Today is National Voter Registration Day! Make sure your voice is heard and register today!
0	you're the one who mumbled stuff but can't say it to my face so emoji 
1	retweet mention : “ mention : Why don't ppl understand this url accuracy
0	 mention just whisper.
1	"retweet mention : You can find awesome art pieces such as this ""Finger Painting"" image from Silent Hill here: url url "
1	retweet mention : I fucks wit this weather emoji ❄️ emoji 
0	retweet mention : mention correct one ma emoji 
0	Do I have your attention now? url url 
0	ZAPLANA ONE BITES THE DUST, ZAPLANA ONE BITES THE DUST YEEH, ZAPLANA ONE BITES THE DUST, ZAPLANA ONE BITES THE DUST YEEDIDIYEYDIDIYEYDIDIY
1	retweet mention : wen sum1 flirtz with ur bae url 
1	Hi, thank you for the follow smiley . welcomeTweet mention via url 
1	 mention Hold up, you can't have 2!
0	 mention what did you study
0	2 people followed me in the last day thanks to url app
1	$CEGX With a float of 25 million this should be an easy runner. investing 
1	retweet mention : ' like they bestfriends or something.
0	“ mention : There’s a difference between somebody who wants you and somebody who would do anything to keep you. Remember that.”
1	 mention done ya
1	Very proud of my award TAGSocialSavvy 
1	So why is it 80° and humid out again?
0	why is there a dolphi n
1	 TheWorldIWant: Where typhoons happen but disasters don't.
1	Good Morning Allz Salmaniacs ♥♥ url 
0	retweet mention : This can be a (b)tv ad --&gt; retweet mention : Are you bored? If yes check SKI's Facebook page.. I guarantee you, you gonn…
0	9/24/14 I wonder in the upcoming olympic games if they will reuse the stadiums from past olympics and move them to next games. hk95340 
1	retweet mention : Hibbing shoot complete with mention in a cool old engine house. Haunting &amp; good. Hibbing OriginalMusic url 
0	I would never let another nigga talk bad about him
1	Idk why I'm going i ain't riding nothing
1	retweet mention : unsaid feelings are the worst
0	Fashion Crazes from The Past - url url 
1	retweet mention : bc i love her &amp; football season emoji url 
1	retweet mention : mention aw meg thank u !! ily and yes our muse snaps are certainly amusing
1	 mention definitely! smiley 
0	Lil bibby x Boy&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
1	But it was so hard waking up! I can't imagine how it's going to feel when my 6am class starts emoji 
0	retweet mention : “ mention : What did you do today Matt? -kaitlyn” went over/ scripted some new upcoming videos and went to dinn…
1	Having an amazing day with this lady! I missed you, feels good to be back. url 
0	10 Tips on Writing from David Ogilvy url 
1	 mention emoji im on android
0	 mention mention Oversight? Don't hold your breath smiley You might turn blue. Or worse.
1	 mention aw THANKYOU love emoji 
0	VIDEO: Even more fun at oracon2014 with our FIRST PAGE GONG SHOW! url 
0	retweet mention : BrentsFirstDate with a screenshot of you liking the new video for a follow❤️ emoji url 
0	retweet mention : 5.6 earthquake, 2km WNW of Iwai, Japan. Sep 16 12:28 at epicenter (12m ago, depth 54km). url 
0	 mention no ur dreaming :P
1	 mention In all honestly though, that takes major balls doing what she did, and she executed it perfectly! And was genuinely sincere
0	 mention youll need to find me
0	Really dont care!♪
1	I gotta see Kendrick in concert
1	 mention Hi Ate Ella why you so pretty? emoji Notice me please.
1	Really want to go camping.
1	Why would anyone want butt implants?
1	I made this painting with Kids Doodle on iPhone smiley url 
1	 mention I lied you're already soft.
1	Thanking God for a new day..
0	Can he even rap?
0	Trini's the world's sexiest accent? url 
0	Just a little something mention Nassau Village url 
0	retweet mention : It's not too late to get a signed mention magazine by mention ! Just answer her personal question here: h…
0	retweet mention : SH: what are you two doing. first time i saw MH i thought he was a boxer. his body seemed built and he was dark so url 
0	Famine Alert: Immediate Response Is Needed to Combat Somalia's Growing Humanitarian Crisis url 
0	retweet mention : [NEWS PIC] 140919 EXO mention Incheon Asian Games Opening Ceremony (cr: as tagged) url 
0	Hey Elizabeth emoji 
1	Just made it to the body shop before they closed
0	How I feel right now.. url 
1	Excellent friendly staff review gppractice url 
0	So no Destiny tonight then..?
0	retweet mention : The Queen has sent a message to competitors in the InvictusGames as they draw to a close IAM url 
1	I'm not afraid of doing what she doesn't do emoji 
1	Nice collage! url url 
0	 mention hello, who can I speak to about working together?
0	 mention I faved
1	awesome comp. how about making them lean forward during the monsoon w/ lightning for the remainder of the comp smiley bb16 
0	retweet mention : Please, share this and spread the word.. url 
1	retweet mention : Sometimes I feel like everything is falling apart &amp;nothing is worth doing &amp;walls are closing in on me.then I realize tha…
0	retweet mention : VisçaBarça lets win on Tito Vilanova's birthday and dedicate it to him!! url 
0	News: Suspect in Pennsylvania Cop Shooting Is a Sharpshooting Survivalist - ABC News url 
1	retweet mention : mention emoji lmfao
0	retweet mention : IMO: FIRST DATE HORROR STORIES w/ mention --&gt; url 
0	retweet mention : mention why so emotional o.O we have hammocks in our hotel rooms! Cheer up emoji 
1	Where tf my momma going at 12:00 at night
0	 MamaDoni onmyipod ontheofficestereo Sing Along to this traditional Passover song with Doni Zasloff (Mama Doni) &amp;… url 
1	Tell Senate Republicans: Shame on you for killing a constitutional amendment to overturn CitizensUnited url 
0	No cubicles for these folks. Their office is outdoors mention mention mention Chronicle5 url 
0	retweet mention : Someone has draped a Saltire from the Benjamin Franklin Bridge in Philadelphia this morning. VoteYes url 
1	"retweet mention : To the media ""Bad boy,womanizer, man whore, villain of the year"" meanwhile benice url Internatio… "
0	This week on twitter: No new followersOne new unfollower and followed One person via url 
1	Over Come the Past and Write Your Future url habit grow change entrepreneur writing business inspiration 
0	""" mention : Yass emoji whatcha mad for ? emoji ✌️ url emoji "
0	 mention mention mention mention The Brandon Marshall Show? The guy who was arrested twice for Criminal Domestic Violence?
0	 mention PLEASE HAYES, FOLLOW ME come to Brazil followmehayes famtournashville ⚡⚡ x11
1	Court: Woman remanded in custody after pleading guilty to tresspassing and stealing pizza url 
1	 mention I agree with that.
1	HAPPY BIRTHDAY mention STay fAB
0	 mention --his motions beginning to move lower, in slow movements. He let out a soft mewl of pleasure, unlike the low groans from --
0	This week on twitter: No new followers via url 
1	im in tears MY throat hurt so bad. Its like its being crushed
1	Haha looks about right.. url 
1	Pce n love smiley url 
1	Hate losing shit at home emoji 
1	As savings accounts of Bitcoin holders run dry mining contracts take the plunge url 
1	retweet mention : westcwic2014 Sat 20 in Vancouver. Looking forward to seeing everyone. mention mention mention Hazel Hu…
0	 Scotland: 8 reasons to be proud - CNN url 
0	 mention D-228 ♥ Waiting for you ♥
0	Saleen has built a 640bhp Mustang url 
0	Yelle’s New App Translates Lyrics in Real Time… - url url 
0	Happy birthday to my nephew mention 
1	Goall
0	My messages are getting resent like 28491 times what is wrong with my phone¿!?¿
0	 mention I'm confused by your ticket process! It says $55 for mention but when I try to but it it's $120!
0	retweet mention : If you're always trying to be Normal you will never know how amazing you can be ~ Maya Angelou
1	 mention cheers love x
0	Beyonces rendition of dawn penn - no no no emoji 
0	 lategram did YOU get a delivery of an anonymous envelope full of paper clips at work? I don't think… url 
0	 mention check fav and join our events ♡
1	 mention you tore that beat down bruh
0	"retweet mention : Statement from Nike on Adrian Peterson: ""We do not condone violence against children. Without children, we'd have no…"
0	retweet mention : Still on set..
0	retweet mention : mention mention mention Big thanks to the GPM team at NASA Goddard for the great tour of the GPM mission contro…
1	I get a break today Zaiden going to the Zoo with his auntie
0	I didn't understand a word of what Overload sang but i think the song was about them cheating lol but the blonde one has such pretty eyes
0	If people don't start coming to the 9:30am class, sadly there won't be a 9:30am class..󾌣 let's RIP it up today!
1	Lil bit ass portion I'll be like bitch wtf is this a snack !?
1	 mention k fuk u
0	Sestra has a show on 09/21/2014 at 04:00 PM mention Alva's Showroom in Los Angeles, CA url concert 
1	I don't have to explain myself to anybody, so if I choose to explain something listen carefully. I'm stating facts.
1	 mention God works in mysterious ways wai..I am just highly favored more than you are when it comes to the charger..you won't understand.
1	Awesome! Love it url 
0	Ressa on Mood Meter: the PH is most emotional country in the world. 2030NOW url 
0	retweet mention : You lol url 
1	Studying and being sick do not work well together emoji 
0	ive gone up to floor 140 i think in tartarus blindfolded, while continuing a max social link run
0	 mention mention idk who sings it! But that's the title of the song!!
1	retweet mention : We're all a little bit excited at the moment - first our 'Outstanding' at Filkins, then the team from the 2 year.. url 
1	 mention you're welcome emoji 
1	The road to ruin is shorter than you think. DeltaForce Paintball woundedSoldier url 
0	Memo From Iraq: ISIS’ Harsh Brand of Islam Is Rooted in Austere Saudi Creed url 
1	We don't need no education
0	retweet mention : Wow Tiffany finally has an IG. Though its private but she might publicised it in the future! Meanwhile, YoonA.. url 
1	Cool? emoji 
0	The latest Waka TV EP 10 feat a review of mention PS's 'The Lion, The Witch &amp; The Wardrobe' by mention url 
1	retweet mention : mention morning hope you are OK now
1	 mention why you ignore me emoji , follow me plz camz ilysm ❤️
1	retweet mention : I fuck with Asian girls tough ✊
1	retweet mention : Get to see my Mom &amp; Skylynn for the first time in 3 months emoji 
0	retweet mention : retweet mention : mention Rodney Bay, Saint Lucia url url 
0	retweet mention : Tonight's Dodgers lineup: Turner 2B Puig CF Gonzalez 1B Kemp RF Ramirez SS Van Slyke LF Uribe 3B Ellis C Greinke P
1	 mention Did you manage to fit the words patriarchy or heteronormative, into the discussion? After 20 min, seems like a worthy challenge
0	 TrueTwit Twitter 101. If you're not sure what spam is, here's what Twitter says: url 
0	. mention knows his Hospitality shows! Big ups for the shout out on mention url url 
1	Life is crazy
1	The on the run tour was the best part of my summer and lifee emoji 
0	 mention hold it
0	With mention , Firgiawan , and 5 others at Perumahan Staff PT KTS Palm Oil — url 
0	Time to lay low for a while
0	 mention ik I was just pointing out its a shit game Kappa
1	Its stupid lady..
1	I need to start planning my birthday emoji 
0	 mention off next Monday and Tuesday. Catch up one day?
1	Happy with my progress lately emoji 
0	I feel like softball never stops
1	“ mention : emoji Olitz retweet mention : Just stand with me for a minute ..” That scene was everything ! This was me --&gt; emoji 
1	 mention mention fans pay for that but can't fill the stadium up emoji 
1	retweet mention : Aquarius might come off as SHY at first, but when you get to know them, they're the most outgoing people with loud voic…
0	Samsamida pakcik fariss for today emoji mymompunyaadikpunyaanakboy#study#bubbletea#date mention … url 
1	Keep hearing the odd alarm going on and off. Power may be back up but somewhat concerned it's not particularly stable! sheffield powercut 
1	Baby really got me in a good mood still
0	When novels were bad for you books url 
1	retweet mention : LAW &amp; ORDER baby! url 
1	so rude
1	 emoji ☀️ GO WATCH mention NEW SkyDiving VIDEO! MAKE SURE TO GIVE IT A emoji emoji url emoji I LOVE YOU SO MUCH CAM emoji ❤️ emoji ☀️ x93
0	 mention hmm lol u should follow me on IG tho
1	"retweet mention : "" mention : Bae isn't bae if D'banj woo's her and she says sorry I've a boyfriend, Bae is MUMU"" not if it was ur bae.."
0	Sensual url 
0	retweet mention : IF YOU OR SOMEONE U KNOW HAVE NEVER FACED AN INDICTMENT BASED ON EVENTS THAT TRANSPIRED AT A SPANISH BABY SHOWER, IM NOT…
1	You should know that the cadiru tracer bullet is after you; 2f31d12b-7226-4ae1-b96b-b4f7e9415342; candiru_v2 
0	Checkout this weeks Country Breakout Show when you can. Country Breakout Show Playlist - Week of September 20th,.. url 
0	 mention mention obviously all emoji 
1	Why doesn't chipotle deliver
1	They all end up leaving
0	 mention okay okay
1	 mention mention good morning!
1	Good nightt !! url 
0	“ mention : You don't know comfort until you wear a sports bra to school” mention 
1	retweet mention : retweet &amp; follow to WIN a pair of mention shoes! Shop here &gt; url Ends 17/09/14. T&amp;Cs url 
1	 mention mention mention mention mention CM is the most diverse TV series I know of. In all cast and crew categories
0	Traveling! smiley London Camden Promotional sticker spreadtheword url 
0	Ay mention if u get a minute check my Spit A Verse Monday url 
0	140920 EXO at Gimpo Airport, Beijing. Freetag 
0	retweet mention : GGS = Ganteng Ganteng Single
0	retweet mention : And now, a phrase you will be hearing *lots* in 2014-15: Jonathan Toews with the goal! TCF2014 
0	 mention who got purple
1	"retweet mention : In terms of stickers you don't want to see on an mention ""the beatings will continue until moral improves"" is up there url "
0	"retweet mention : Yo He Really Went for It!! "" mention : LeBron James fixed his hairline. url "
0	retweet mention : I could use a Vegemite sandwich right now trueblue aussie 
0	"retweet mention : --&gt; mention 's ""The Album About Nothing"" album trailer. url url "
0	retweet mention : The first idiot to buy an iPhone 6 in Australia dropped it, and we all get to watch it happen url 
0	 mention nope
0	 mention and islands lol
1	retweet mention : The SEC West is 22-0 against teams not in the SEC West and is winning those games by an average margin of 34 points. …
1	BBC News - Time is right for global focus on forest land rights url 
1	Went to the confectionary for a caramel apple and came home with a caramel apple, sour watermelons, and a sea monster emoji happenseverytime 
1	 mention mention WATSON is nasty, and their d line is good too. Glad to get outta there with a W. Hard fought win
0	CHI 101 D99 has 91 open spot(s).
1	retweet mention : “ mention : relationship goals url oh my god
0	Who thinks i should download BBM again emoji who would add me✨-Alishaa
0	retweet mention : Cameron. Lord Smith of Kelvin to oversee the Scottish devolution commitments with draft legislation by November.
1	 mention I know emoji but hey you've a nice figure!
1	 mention too bad for you
1	retweet mention : Great Q from mention -we must ensure pp with a learning disability are not locked away in assessment &amp; treatment units for… 
0	Watta couple this couple. Tsamba pareho Suzuki 5thPIMS url 
0	retweet mention : I lowkey want a new phone!
1	 emoji the disrespect retweet mention : Bitches payin $300 for weave whilt they nigga fucking bitches wit $10 ponytails emoji ☕️
0	"Posted a new song: ""inside out"" url url "
1	Off til Saturday = happy me!
0	retweet mention : . mention FreeCoffee brought to you by the approximately 1.2 billion in gov subsidies bc their workers live in poverty. …
1	Mom being so freaking anoyying help me emoji 
1	Just completed a 0.08 mi walk with mention . Check it out! url RunKeeper 
1	Baby giraffe emoji 
1	 mention wow wow thats close , mine is 31 dec
1	retweet mention : HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRLS! emoji mention mention mention 
0	TaeTiSeo pose for The Celebrity url 
1	I love gettin up to big checks deposited into my bank account every friday from MOTOR CLUB OF AMERICA !
1	 mention I have 2 things emoji and you have 1 of mine I'm only I n debt 1!! emoji 
1	retweet mention : Allah's love for us is indescribable. No amount of words can explain how much He loves us.
0	last night sleeping with my baby for 2 weeks emoji 
1	hjfnhg Queronotvz true love coldplay MTVEMA NominateColdplay 
0	 mention mention mention mention mention I got another used spike for sale if ya want it emoji 
1	His Birthday celebrates an amazing russian actor ViktorVerzhbitsky. Known as Zavulon in NightWatch &amp; DayWatch. url 
0	I keep forgetting its my birthday hahahahah
1	Great point mention you know what you signed up for! CouplesTherapy 
1	JTF rescues Rivers commissioner’s kidnapped mother url 
0	retweet mention : Younes Kaboul has been named as Tottenham’s new captain with goalkeeper Hugo Lloris &amp; striker Emmanuel Adebayor as vic…
1	Songs are a great way to get students using language, url imitating and following directions. sped autism 
1	 mention ikr like defuck
0	“ mention : mention let's make a sex tape and put it on netflix” No ones bout that life emoji 
0	retweet mention : . mention has agreed to terms on a two-year contract with mnwild: url url 
1	 mention good luck tonight big dawg BEARDOWN from Ireland
0	 mention hey you commented on my status on Facebook I DMed you to jai, please could you follow me back emoji 
0	retweet mention : We are seeking for Justice! Help us trend. please? JusticeForVhongNavarro PRAYForVhongNavarro 
1	XOXO XOXO XOXO yeah An X is kiss for a soft kiss An O is for a circled hug Maybe you already know
1	retweet mention : Pizza ❤️ emoji url 
1	Cant wait til' november emoji 
0	No regrets thou emoji 
0	" mention ""Hi, I'm in a band called 5 Seconds of Summer"""
1	 mention you make me smile more than anybody ever has ☺️ url 
1	retweet mention : Missing my Louis! firsteversportsday xx url 
0	honey need to wake up so we can go grocery shopping
1	Ellen Pompeo, Viola Davis And Kerry Washington Are Just As Badass As Their Characters url mention 
0	You can't help but sense the power of the soulful Moon once sh.. More for Leo url 
1	JOKE
1	My baby is knocked out emoji 
0	 mention Another hour! It's September 20, 2014 at 07:32PM415173828151940381
1	 mention mention url good luck emoji 
0	 mention State or Southern?
1	Closed Buy 1.6 Lots EURUSD 1.29413 for +5.0 pips, total for today +14.7 pips mt4 expert advisor 
0	the kind of tired that sleep cant cure.
0	retweet mention : Retweet if you can't wait to cruise on ms Koningsdam, HAL's new Pinnacle Class ship due Feb. 2016! url 
1	Can't believe it's only Thursday, I feel like I've aged ten years. What a week! Alas, new mention episodes tonight!
0	 mention roll one up playa
0	“ mention : I got tha gas ⛽ &amp; tha coke, i dont sell molly emoji No more emoji mention ”
0	 mention Who knows? Nope, actually most guys don't care if you are or aren't dating someone, not in my experience at least.
0	retweet mention : Ok, so I don't have a title for my song yet. Guys, any suggestions? *coversface MTNProjectfame7 mention 
1	retweet mention smiley on't wait and procrastinate.
1	"Standing from Randolph to Rockwell.. going to be a long ride, mention . Also, thanks for that ""police activity"" last night at Montrose"
0	retweet mention : The teams are warming up at Villa Park with just under 30 minutes until kick-off. What are your score predictions? AVFCvAFC 
1	Beast is so good. =) Cal 
1	 countrymusic &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; freesample &gt;&gt;&gt; Amazon mp3 NEWRELEASE ==&gt; Support a greatsong &gt;&gt; url 
1	morning baby mention 
1	retweet mention : So Wenger could have had Zlatan, Toure AND C. Ronaldo?!?!?!? What a fucking tool. Absolute specialist in fuck ups.
1	retweet mention : When the world doesn’t understand you, just remember, Allah swt does smiley 
1	 mention mention lol that dogs da shit lol
0	Can they do it again? mention out to make rugby league history in the Harry Jepson Trophy mention LRL url 
0	So true. MT mention : Health 10yrs behind reaching an audience informed not just by content but all the info around them mention HKD2 
1	 mention lmaoo RIGHHT he TAXING I said fuck that lol
1	I wish I was joking about that last tweet
1	 mention good night Louis,thank you for everything you've done for me,love ya
0	Ricoo :3
0	 mention mention thanks Lucas miss u guys
0	 mention mention mention gotcha smiley i shall continue on my quest to bring the authorities in Italy into the loop, we'll see..
0	 mention mention mention mention mention mention enjoy
1	retweet mention : We don't do no kissing emoji ..Can't even Blow a kiss my Way, stop Playing in Text Messages ✋.. Don't leave me No Kissy…
0	Lind is the new Buckner
0	6 people followed me and One person unfollowed me in the last day. Thank you url app
0	 mention Welp, I'm now drawing a Wienermobile Transformer..
0	 mention hehe my collegue just warned me about walking in there with less than 10k TweetYourCaramelBills 
1	 mention same here. I dont want to be here. I think i will stay
1	Guess we ain't talking
0	Video article of the day: Mobile video ad spend will reach $1.5B by the end of the year url 
0	Representing on game day! GoHawks mention wait a second.. emoji url 
0	 mention Is it really that bad to send back? Seems odd for an Apple fan to send back the newest tech lol
1	“Be patient (in adversity); for, verily, God will not let the reward of the righteous be wasted.” Quran , 11: 115
1	retweet mention : I love Jacobs smile.
1	retweet mention : Chinese doctors bowing down to an 11 year old boy with brain cancer who saved several lives by donating his organs.. …
1	Bae was at culichi town 2day wow i'm salt
0	retweet mention : Some more scientists who worked on Mangalyaan from Wiki - url 
1	People always do what they want to.
1	“ mention : But I'm still.. Nvm, just nvm. url aww emoji 
1	'Lot of love, arrivederci Italia.'
0	Tunisia smiley raft Law On Renewable Energy - Plenary Session Adjourned Twice for Lack of Quorum: [Tunis Afrique Pr.. url 
1	Turning winery waste into biofuels url 
0	"Magic Market Watch: ""Magic"" is a strong word for.. url "
0	retweet mention : Monday mornings got me like.. url 
0	Off to work, laters web app nerds
1	Fraser is annoyingg..
0	celery seems to be running just fine at Fri Sep 19 13:00:09 2014
0	retweet mention : mention DIBADED
0	 mention I'm still located in bayless
0	I liked a mention video url Inspiration - Episode 12 (The World He Wished to See) Islam and Racism
1	Thanking God for another day emoji 
0	"NEVER!! ♫ ""Don't Stop Believin'"" by mention url "
1	Happy Tuesday!
1	I miss my boys! TeamClashOfClans COCPaMore 
1	 mention mention mention how Phil look like lil Wayne that's crazy emoji 
1	retweet mention : mention a bet is a bet and there is my apologie.Sorry for playing so bad and for getting beat 3 times haha
1	 mention FollowSpreeByRtsChallenge I NOMINATE mention mention mention TO TELL mention TO DO THIS CHALLENGE emoji 
0	 mention I'm livid right now.
0	retweet mention : mention smashing it in XS in Vegas the other night! Super DJ url 
0	"retweet mention : ""This was more than AMAZING, rivals any Stuart Woods or Patterson book out there."" 5* url IARTG A… "
1	I lost 1 follower recently and i know who that is thanks to url app
1	retweet mention : I feel like I need to take a break from life and people and just be alone for a day emoji 
1	 mention I enjoyed this story! Sam and I were in the same mfa cohort. He's a hell of a writer! shortstory reading 
0	3 people followed me in the last day thanks to url app
0	 mention mention yes. I needed lights, in a Dublin store for me to collect. He reserved them in Naas, co. Kildare. Not the Naas rd.
0	retweet mention With win today, Russell Wilson is 17-1 at home in the regular season with Seahawks. .. url 
1	 mention mention Omg I''M GONNA CRY
1	I really have no freaking friends emoji this is ridiculous emoji 
0	 vacature Adviseur Moderne Contractvormen Civieltechnische Projecten url job 
0	 mention wea you been aint seen you in a min
1	 mention loll too funny
0	 mention what
0	Wish it was one of those nights he freehandedly just gave out a massage
1	retweet mention : Smile! mention enjoying media day TMLtalk url 
1	I can't wait for bgc season 13!! Shit gonna be real. TeamRocky mention 
0	 mention aw yea . wen foe ? U already kno we go act up
1	 mention Vince!! YES!!
0	retweet mention : Share your best recipe using mention and you could be named the next TruviaBakingStar! Details here url 
1	retweet mention : Retweet if you're already mentally done with school.
1	 mention Good night Yuri Sung my love. I love you Yuri Sung my love. I cherish you Yuri Sung my love. I need you Yuri Sung my love.
0	retweet mention : Todays the day 2 try &amp; talk 2 &amp; show the undecided that NO is the only way forward. From FB 2 the streets, lets win this 1D… 
1	 mention emoji hii louis! im so proud of you! you should make my entire life and FOLLOW me! i love youu smiley emoji emoji x45,373
0	retweet mention : Little Mix url 
0	 mention pick em up bruh
1	Face mask on now paint my nails emoji pamper night to myself ☺️
0	Do you ever walk into a room and feel like everyone staring at you..? AHAHA DEMI emoji ❤love you url 
1	 mention lol NONONONO. leave me alone eonnie. jk :3 *cat noises*
1	Leadership Retreat 
0	I posted a new photo to Facebook url 
1	 mention cool friend
0	 mention emoji Michael from 5sos You are my everything! A follow from you would Be a dream come true I love you sunshine emoji x41
1	retweet mention : Oh the things I would do for a day without stress.
0	I'm at Rock Bottom Restaurant &amp; Brewery in Bellevue, WA url 
1	retweet mention : According to local reports, the Russian military has stepped up attacks on Ukrainian positions north of Mariupol Ukra… 
0	retweet mention : Naked Game Talk News is out! url Stories via mention mention mention 
1	 mention Watch Hayes and Nash's new video emoji url NashvsHayes Thumbs up and Subscribe! emoji Diz killed me 30
1	aww look at sungjae singing One Candle with god sunbae-nims. that smile is about to stretch off his face url 
0	retweet mention : Why Hrithik may not promote ‘Bang Bang’ on TV url url 
0	Sabc chair faces suspension url url 
1	Omg mention is my life!! emoji 
0	Caught a whole attitude
0	TI-Nspire Lesson: Circle Area Circumference from mention url url 
1	 mention has put me on hold like 3 times emoji 
1	retweet mention : One final reminder from the bride and groom - you're invited to OutlanderWedding tonight! mention mention h…
0	 mention Well I am glad to hear the issue has now been resolved if you do have any further issues or if t.. url 
0	 mention hayn waja? mention waaly bura maan gy kiya? Dont Quit, it is an Order on behalf of your viewers . SamajhAai ? :/
0	“ mention : Virgos love to make sure everyone they love is okay.”
0	 emoji ✨ emoji Heyy, kings mention Follow me, please, you would me the happiest girl in the world emoji You changed my life I love you xx emoji ✨ emoji 10
1	"""that one suppose get red card but nothing happend mention smiley e laet finished the game . Clattenburg really?"""
0	 mention - Roar Male Version!! url Pl retweet mention mention mention mention 
0	 mention mention mention No, once he told me that - it became obvious. Had no reason to lie. I'd been blinding myself.
1	retweet mention : Thank you Martins on Western Ave for your support of our school!! mention 
0	retweet mention : This dodgy figure will be on BBC Breakfast with Jon &amp; Sally 08:35 tomorrow am talking about his new book MoreFoolMe url 
1	 mention cuz he's funny and goofy and says ridiculous funny crap like you
1	FIRST TIME EATING NECK BONES AND IM IN LOVE!
0	should i change user
1	retweet mention : COLE SWINDELL is gona be in the building Thursday after the game..Make sure to come check us out!!
1	retweet mention : No one see's the potential you really had until you actually make it to the top all by yourself..
1	every website ever… this is what we’re fighting against! retweet mention : url humour UX 
0	Could do with some chicken nuggets
1	retweet mention : Check out mention 's Vimeo channel if u want to see some of his work. He's awesome url I 2nd that
0	"""Four Turnovers Spoil Levi’s® Stadium Debut"" via San Francisco 49ers : News url 49ers Sacramento "
1	 mention Thanks for the follow! Stay tuned for the launch of our online music tournament!
1	 mention Text me 7026350948 if you need help with club access in vegas whatsapp friendly smiley 
0	 mention when that ??! emoji 
1	Chargin my boy url 
0	retweet mention : 20 At 20 Returns! See Off Broadway's Best Shows for Just $20.. url 
0	Diverging hie options in consideration of provisionally accept because high stately artist dies funestis: YPQyneqw
1	This chick changes boyfriends more than she changes underwear..
0	This will be my 5th time going to Honda Battle of the Bands
0	 mention {Castle walks into the 12th precinct with coffee for him and Beckett}
1	Congrats to local golfer and PBG resident mention . Nominated for Rookie of the Year on PGA Tour. Chesson Hadley &amp; mention other nominees
1	"Guarin: ""Proud and happy"" url "
0	 mention hahaha. You got it. Address? emoji 
1	 mention aw that first school picture is so adorable ☺️
0	retweet mention : This reaction emoji mention DWTS url 
0	☆.。. smiley ・°☆ mention if u see this could u please follow me, i would be so happy i lub chu smiley ☆.。. smiley ・°☆ x1142
1	retweet mention : emoji I'm just in class scrolling through twitter emoji 
1	this is all kinds of fucked up, electricity ke dololo again smiley .. as for water, taps have been dry since yesterday..
0	 mention getting thoughts that Papa Lightfoot may have inspired as well..country rhythm thru a mic..
0	 mention both
0	 mention we are planning a Virtual Mil/Spouse job fair at Progressive, once we have specifics, could u tweet to ur followers for us?
1	retweet mention : Great to be there! MT mention : Great seeing our next Lt. Gov., mention at mention meeting! mapoli ht…
0	 mention naturally, Chuck Norris doesn't participate to let other people have a chance
1	 emoji They call me the fireman, that's my name. emoji 
1	 mention HOLY NO HOLY FUCK HOLY CRAP HOYL SHIT did is woa im pain url 
0	SORRY FOR SO MUCH TWEETING,I JUST WANT JUSTIN TO WIN EMABiggestFansJustinBieber emoji retweet❤️IF emoji U emoji WANT emoji THAT❤️TO emoji x2
1	You're friends left without you.. url 
0	Cooking me breakfast
0	 mention it's nasty AF. That's the kid next to me rn.
1	 mention this is the saddest tweet I've ever seen. Rt if u cri.
0	Closed Sell 1.8 Lots EURUSD 1.28869 for +3.2 pips, total for today +283.0 pips forex auto 
1	retweet mention : The range can be a lonely place on Monday. url 
1	Tired of thinking shit gunna change .
1	 mention well i guess we all have 2 get use 2 seeing it
1	So no one should be asking any questions about my love life emoji simple.
1	retweet mention : tbcc Giertuga calls out fellow Coun. For not following the rules and grandstanding tonight, as it's the last televised…
1	Ima go out the same way I came in, right by the pussy with nothing on my mind
1	I'm so tired feel like calling in
1	I'm in the running to win a trip for two to Peru and a GoPro thanks to mention &amp; mention ! url GoBeyonder 
0	I don't want nobody else
1	Don't wanna go anywhere.wanna stay at home and make it done emoji 
0	lets make it happend to be the best.. SBSPopAsiaTARA 티아라 and 슈가프리 SUGARFREE.. 
1	I only leave the house to go to work
0	retweet mention : What y'all fake caring about today?
1	Family Matters is on TV. I don't care what you think. I'm watching it! urkeltime 
0	retweet mention : mention I'm giving for free Red Desert book 1 in exchange of an email address. Can you share this? url 
1	“ mention : We don't wake up this early for anything. Except dance music. daybreaker url perfect start to the day
0	retweet mention : mention Just a vote of no confidence in Cameron needed now .
1	 mention HI sunshine, big kiss to you from Portugal xx
1	nobodyy will ever love reggaeton more than i do
0	retweet mention : Going live click this link if you're a cool kid url emoji retweet once you're here
1	"what the heckie rents ask me questions &amp; i answer, and then a moment later they be like ""hEY ANSWER ME"" and i'll be all ""wAT I ALREADY DID-"""
0	retweet mention : chills, everywhere url 
1	 mention I miss you too!! &amp; I'm good good, living! Wby?
0	"""Pasati mention : They have Buggatti,we have..? BottleDanceByMuno"" "
1	retweet mention : Win or lose I will continue to support Liverpool FC.
1	 mention actually I'd love some help. The promo code box went away.
0	 mention oh and yes indeed probably next month. Ima sell vzw this 5 and put something on it and cop that 6 in about 2 weeks
0	 mention {Knowing you're set on your point, I let out a sound not far from a growl, crossing my arms tightly over my chest.} /Fine./
1	I'm bored. And when I get bored I think, thinking is not good for me..
0	retweet mention smiley ear Santa all i want for Christmas is Hunter Pence in a Royals uni next year
1	Forever laughing at Sei for breaking beds without even knowing it
1	tumblr continues to prove to be really boring even when people acknowledge me
0	 mention what did he do?
1	 mention dont hate on the vacuums boy
0	In London the panic buying begins indyref url 
0	i'm gonna try to sleep, goodnight twitter
1	 mention I know wtf was I doing, I LOOKED SO ROUGH lol
0	retweet mention : He hit me and it felt like a kiss
1	 mention ah seen. Cool. emoji 
0	 mention except Walshy
1	I just feel like being alone..
0	It's rainy in Singapore so it's a very good chance for a very experienced driver like Alonso to win the race FingersCrossed 
0	retweet mention : [4] Possibly because ISIS forces who were withdraw from bases &amp; areas under attack were sent towards Kobane after initiation of…
1	“ mention : Songs that make you think about bae emoji url emoji 
0	I never know what to call the shift stick thing so I just call it the prndl
1	retweet mention : We're alive, every saturday, we're wide awake..
1	“ mention : LMFAOO Whyy?? emoji ✋✋ url emoji 
0	Im in need to watch The Notebook ✨
1	 mention mention mention Only in the brown Colonial Bank building right? We can meet at the Lucky Dill.
0	retweet mention : UK inflation falls to 1.5%, but house prices rise at fastest rate for 7 years. Our analysis: url h…
1	 movietime Watching Simon Birch 1998 This movie has the sweetest story line and message!!
1	retweet mention : when fake fans like limpgloss getting noticed by 5sos she hated on ashton and mikey and she has 2/4 i hate her so much …
0	Only those few who are able to surpass their fear of death completely can fully experience the highest forms of life.
1	 emoji I love this mint colour , Lisa the bae strikes again ☺️ url 
1	Atlanta rappers over Chicago rappers. But still shoutout mention ! Talent!
0	When it comes to target audience, stop being broad and blanketing. Pick one primary. mention mention MAMSummit 
1	"I LOVE LOUIS' BIO ITS SSO CUTE AND IT HAS STILL ""im 1/5 of one direction"" IN IT EMABiggestFans1D "
1	 mention mention mention Inspiring to big kids, like me, too. Thank you for coming.
0	Class starts in 30 minutes and haven't got in the shower yet.
0	aishh the pedo noona feels &gt;.&lt; pls forgive me smiley 
1	We have had a Twitter issue today - Apologies - Normal Service will be resumed tomorrow..
1	retweet mention : Lmao nice one Liverpool emoji 
1	retweet mention : I have a crush on fall weather, hot drinks, and cozy sweaters
1	retweet mention : My insecurities will be the death of me one day.
0	I'm at the PF Women's booth today, powered by Starbucks!! experience2014 url 
0	 mention yeah
1	That guy was a total creep TheKnick 
1	I GOT STUCK OUT OF MY HOUSE IN MY, PJS AND MY SOCKS WITH NO PHONE AND NO ONE WAS HOME !
0	retweet mention : Matt Ryan’s 679 passing yards through 2 games are the MOST in mention franchise history. url 
0	 mention mention mention ..autistic students were in her classes. They should've been in regular classes where they could excel
1	I don't got a boo no more.. Oooh.. emoji 
0	It's just something about the way she carry her self
1	retweet mention : mention De Ja vu ~ smiley Ready?! url 
1	retweet mention : So much studying to do but I have zero motivation for it
1	 mention HEYY HEYY HEYY!!
1	retweet mention : Absolutely stunning lighting by mention exhibiting mention LDF14 url 
0	retweet mention : “You only live but once, and when your died your done, so let the good times roll.” ― B.B. King (born this day, September…
1	retweet mention : First fan I saw in Arizona flashed me
1	 mention cause I go to watch our boys play football not be around drunk &amp; high people that are acting stupid.
0	retweet mention : Lay out on Anguilla's legendary beaches url Anguilla 
0	retweet mention : I have played so many games today
1	I know a lot of great people trying to do great things! Passion, ambition, respect, attention to details and support, are vital to success!
0	The New Old Age: On New Measurements of Aging: Warren Sanderson, a professor of social and behavioral sciences at Stony Brook Univers..
1	my wcw dont wanna be wcw lol oh emoji 
1	 mention mention wtf is this stupid shit
0	 mention WHERE ARE YOU
1	Happy birthday mention !! Your bday gift is my job application. HBDJIMMY 
0	Finally my H&amp;M order shows up, over 2 weeks late! I'll let them off for the awful service, purely because everything is really nice.. emoji 
1	I actually treasure every second extra I get in my bed in the morning!
1	 mention hope the game gets playable soon
0	Mourinho at it again
0	Do you like handsome men
1	I cant sleep for shit emoji 
0	retweet mention : i know pharrell is dropping his Pharrell x adidas StanSmith collab tomorrow, but meet my SamSmith's.… url 
1	retweet mention : Justin's pure marketing at this moment, it's sad.
1	 mention Why do games have to be complicated? Mario and Crash Bandicoot were great games and nobody questioned their authenticity
0	retweet mention : Injury crash in Nashville on Harding Pike near Hwy 100 Nashville traffic url 
1	Can you swim? — Sadly, no. url 
1	I liked a mention video url Cherish - I Aint Trippin ( With Lyrics )
0	Bye guys gotta go will miss u all!
0	retweet mention : Laugh and cry your way through a trauma. Crying is honouring your emotions. Laughing is seeing the funny in the world …
1	OMG lmfaoo
1	 mention you must do hoe, cause you responded! Tf you been? How you been?
1	 mention hell yes it's impossible and then they say it that we have it easy like no!
0	retweet mention : On mention : TROBO Product Video url SavedYouAClick 
1	Some days before I go to sleep, I pray Jeff Driskel drop out of school.
1	retweet mention : Have a day, Rashad Jennings! url 
1	Why can no one ever take me seriously
0	retweet mention : While parts of us want answers, the soul doesn't give a shit. It craves what it can't control, mystery, beauty, longing…
1	 mention aww cute
0	 mention follback ? Thanks ~
1	retweet mention : mention keep it up.. naso we want am..☆☆
1	Dammit, the money I've wasted, and all I needed to do was emoji url 
1	 mention youre welcome . ☺️
1	retweet mention : Ridiculously tired
0	It's a love robbery emoji 
1	Seriously though the dog that looks like Putin is probably the coolest thing I've seen on the interwebs in a while url 
0	retweet mention : Everything You Need To Know About Law Of Attraction Available at url lawofattraction loa thesecr… 
0	Vintage Threesome Porn With Anal - url horny girls sexfilms sexmovies 
1	 mention I’m watching it now. FINALLY!! So far behind on RFTD Like 4 ep!
1	 mention mention mention mention mention mention yes think is 3am for you. These time zones very confusing emoji 
0	retweet mention : Had lunch mention Pub &amp; Grill mention - absolutely amazing value. Tonight; Big steaks at Gallaghers Steakhouse …
0	Right move by SEC to suspend Miss. St. C Dillon Day, but shouldn't it also reprimand game officials for missing both obvious flagrant fouls?
1	Hi Art Department, the codes for AGCE art UCAS are just so handy as I'm starting university on sunday for a language degree.
1	 emoji ❌ Michael Clifford from 5SOS ❌ emoji You’re the cheese to my macaroni. Please follow me I love you emoji mention ..
0	Imma need to see the mayweather vs. TI episode of FamilyHustle emoji 
1	Totally out of my comfort zone with my outfit today lol
1	retweet mention : VIDEO: Iowa’s Damond Powell gets 62 yards on a sick one-handed grab vs. Pitt url url 
0	am i ashamed? v
0	I lost 1 follower recently and i know who that is thanks to url app
0	Anyone pls dm me
0	10 Talented Actors Without a Single Oscar to Their Name.. url 
0	Check me live on mention url 
1	retweet mention : Why is it so difficult to find mature people?
1	retweet mention : I'm going to miss the Espn road crew - Great people, great experience emoji url 
1	retweet mention : mention thanx for replaying the raps I missed them, I was in a meeting. Joe was a one round wonder I expected more from him. nex…
0	retweet mention : mention mention Voice of Nation .. my poetry .. Iqbal key shaheen url 
0	One person followed me in the last day thanks to url app
0	Ah my eyes! :Shuts them tight:
1	retweet mention : What a night..that's why it's a team game well done the boys..YNWA on to the derby!!
1	Niggas switch up lik bitches !! I swear emoji 
1	 mention ahaha. I wouldn't lay a finger on you. Ceot a fist to yir beak
1	“ mention : so attractive when a guy is completely crazy about a girl &amp; not just low key about his feelings”
1	Better Together is my shitt
1	retweet mention : What a guy url 
1	Michael Clifford you must be fireproof cause nobody saves me baby the way you do ✨ emoji 
0	 mention not yet now. how about you kitty,
0	 mention mention YAHS
1	Mind your own business
0	2 new tweeps followed me in the last day. I find relevant people to follow with the CopyFollowers feature of url 
0	 mention mention mention emoji same! I know when I'm hungry I'm cranky emoji 
0	retweet mention : Follow spree in an hour w/ mention url 
1	 mention omg damn
0	PDP Sets Governorship Primaries For Nov 29, Presidential For Dec 6 url 
0	“ mention : That's so true url 
1	 mention mention stop ! Putain zayn stop
0	retweet mention : The Week That Will Be: Event Announcements (More details on the Events Calendar) We interrupt your regularly s.. url 
0	Conversations turn into Confessions
0	"retweet mention : ""Several"" Arab nations involved in airstrikes on ISIS in Syria. US only non Arab nation involved in strikes."
0	Only I wanna have kids with a woman who doesn't speak english
1	retweet mention : Fuck shit
0	retweet mention : I WILL LOOK FOR YOU, I WILL FIND YOU, AND I WILL EAT YOU. url 
0	 mention yep I will. Thnx!
0	What I find out today will change everything!!
1	ABOUT FUCKING TIME!!
1	 mention deff not
1	one hundred seventy-five thousand, two hundred sixty..ah ah ah!
1	I wonder how cody is gonna feel when he finds out derrick has been lieing about who he is the entire time BBAD 
1	You gotta watch who you fuck with these days emoji 
1	Luke Hemmings Ashton Irwin Calum Hood Michael Clifford I FUCKING❤️U! Chances you'll see this is slim 2 none..here goes nothing emoji ❤️ emoji ❤️ emoji 
1	I just found a Swag Code worth 3 Swag Bucks. url 
0	retweet mention : So epic! url 
0	 mention c'mon amy don't be like that, we had a laugh
0	I liked a mention video url Super Junior - 140918 SS6 - FROZEN (CROSSDRESSING)
1	retweet mention : Comfy outfit of the day ✌️ url 
1	retweet mention : Wow I can't believe Taylor Swift told this secret about Katy Perry url … url 
0	I am hiring - key vacancies this week are:- Commercial manager - Birmingham est business 35k car parking url 
0	I paint my nails black..♪ url 
1	 mention RIGHT. ! emoji boring ass people
0	retweet mention : “ mention : When your parents ask you to help them with technology url mention emoji 
0	FOCH: url 
1	Soccer probs . emoji url 
0	A fun gamez hangout to spend an hour or two: url gaming cargames 
0	 mention mention mention if GEJ halts BH today. Everybody will praise him and hail him. But has he?? NO
1	14 Social Media Marketing Tools Recommended by the Pros url url 
1	retweet mention : me when I get my own house emoji url 
0	retweet mention : retweet mention : [INFO] 2PM to appear on SBS MTV The Show on 9/23 instead of 9/16 due to the broadcaster circumstance. cr…
0	 mention I've been supporting u since 2011. Please follow me ilysm
0	 mention seen.. Thanks..
0	Mission accomplished♢ Goin back to bed°
1	“ mention : I hate you hoes url 
0	retweet mention : Are you looking for some cultural events this week? Classical music, history re-enactment, and PC games/Anime.. url 
0	 mention just hooked me up emoji 
1	Reality vs perception
1	retweet mention : Hello from Cyprus, preparing for my concert tonight, meanwhile don't forget to watch arabidol xoxox..
0	 KashmirFloods urge all those who claim Kashmir to keep politics and conflict aside.. The humanitarian crises must take precedence
0	2003 edition of The King’s English, Matthew Parris “There is no authority. English is not a managed language. Nobody is in charge.”
0	Amazon Prime members should read: Delaware by the Numbers for free with their FREE KINDLE DOWNLOAD url 
1	 mention lol, I'm doing my research too, so be ready smiley 
0	Where tf my gf at bruh
0	Olympus Launch OM-D E-M1 Silver and Firmware Update url photography arts 
1	 mention mention thanks!
1	I wanna talk to you so bad but I don't want to annoy the fuck out of you.
1	“ mention : 54 percent of U.S. adults participate in sexting.” like legal adults or actual adults..? cause that's creepy.
1	retweet mention : Special WhootyWednesday shoutout to mention !! He's showing me the ropes on IG!! mention mention bbw http…
1	Getting sick shouldn't even be a thing.
0	I wish I was craftier..I want to decorate the apartment for fall! emoji 
0	retweet mention : HIS FINGERS ARE MINE url 
0	retweet mention : Landed in Sydney, tired as hell but stoked to be on home soil smiley url 
1	retweet mention : YOU WANT LOVE, BE LOVE.
0	How do you even vote for other EMA so though?
0	retweet mention : Stunning! Hrithik and Katrina at the new song launch from BangBang BangBangTitleTrack url 
0	 mention yes it will be, who yall got?
0	Popping pimples is fun
1	Trynna get my phone back popin
1	“ mention : The most disrespectful shit I've ever seen.. url Dead emoji ✋
1	Thank you everyone for listening and thank you mention . That was so much fun. Let's do it again sometime.
0	“ mention : Wanting big booty hoes for their birthday” grams tomorrow
1	retweet mention : i live in a town where the weather is like url 
1	Umm this game..wow.
0	retweet mention : url mention is it just me or are we holding hands in this picture?
0	 mention look
1	 mention i see that now.. i don't like it
0	Gym time emoji 
1	I'm sorry Bruv emoji “ mention : I hate that picture so much *cries* url 
1	 mention CelkonA35k Super Waiting For It like emoji ☑
1	Aww HappyBirthdayTomFelton trended all day! Happy ☺☺
1	congratulations katie! “ mention : Congratulations to MPS senior Katie Butler named a National Merit Semifinalist! iamalaker” 
1	 CongratulationsOn6MillionZoe 6 million is huge! I'm proud of you Zoe!! Soon it will be 7 million and we will be taking over the world!✌️☺️
1	retweet mention : ✊ emoji retweet mention : Thank you lord for RamJam5 emoji 
0	 mention lol yeaah well
0	retweet mention : Im here! Kitakits in a few SM DASMA!! smiley 
1	retweet mention : WELCOME HOME! mention TO THE HOUSE FOR 81 yards and the TD! HTTR 
1	filled up my 3 month old car Thursday. stopped running 20 miles later £500 worth of damage Tesco very unhelpful absolutely fuming !
0	retweet mention : Sheesh the celeb nudes are getting leaked one by one lol
1	 mention good smiley )
1	trying to pose like a good student! url 
0	 mention except for you!
1	I want to paint today emoji 
1	HARRYS ALMOST AT 22M WTAF
1	retweet mention : We are proud to have been named the 'Aviation Company of the Year' at the Gulf Business Industry Awards. Read more: http…
1	"And one thing you never do is let a "" hoe , side bitch , Thot "" whatever yall wanna call em think they can be treated equal to your main emoji "
1	Murder (feat. Wale) by Wizkid — url 
1	Helping Mindy with her tag sale! everythingmustgo 
1	"""Be the good, because God loves the goodness . . smiley "
1	Oh dear, sounds like Julia Gillard. Australia's ex Labor Pam failure retweet mention : Ed Miliband .. url 
0	RBS cuts price in Citizens sale: Royal Bank of Scotland cuts the price of shares in the sale of a stake in US .. url 
1	"retweet mention : ""We're on fire now"" -H ""maybe we are fireproof"" -L"
1	 mention oh no
1	 mention just got my first package from y'all. All I can say is AWESOME!!
1	wishin I was snuggling with you
0	"Fairfield sophomore Valandin ""Tez"" Spencer had 56 yds on his first 10 carries but finished half with 17 carries for 64 yards."
1	I hate when my contacts are literally stuck to my eyes emoji 
1	 mention hahaha that's crazy how beautiful you are *O* ♥
0	retweet mention : Kick the truth to the young black youth.
0	 mention alright. emoji 
0	 mention finish strong fam
1	retweet mention : Quattrick!! FERDINAND ALFRED SINAGA!! Mamprang!! AsianGames2014 
1	I'm leaving next friday and I'm going to cry
1	Blame it on me then of course. emoji 
1	retweet mention : Remembering a Legend: Rock stars reflect on Jimi Hendrix, whom we lost on this day in 1970 url url 
1	“ mention : AT THE SLAM TOUR PRESS CONFERENCE RN OMG SRK OMG DEEPIKA OMG AM I DREAMING” pic plz smiley 
1	Checking these out! 681team bizitalk fashion sledui mention url 
1	 mention Thank You, I probably should have done some actually drop testing…try to make a joke out of that at the end smiley 
1	Sleepyy emoji 
0	I learned something very important that I fogot; studying is great but if the teacher let's you Cheat.. CHEAT!!
1	Pray for my school, UA is under shooting threats. PrayersForBama 
0	Each of us aims to find a man which will understand and will not cause suffering..
1	LET'S GO!! MUT ELITE # Larry Fitzgerald madden15 url 
0	“ mention : Requesting mention to VerifyAshishChowdhry ➡ mention 1”
0	To all my valued customers, Please let us vote for Miss Angeline Quinto for Himig Handog P-pop Lovesongs2014. =) url 
1	I'm really deathly ill. Might cancel all appointments for the weekend
1	he's just not that into you.
0	“ mention : mention wow bro!!” I know i know emoji 
1	retweet mention : According to my calculations my life is exactly half way over today, it was a solid first half, bout to closeout the seco…
1	 mention i downloaded the app so i could talk to yo ass
0	I posted a new video to Facebook url 
1	Thank u Lord for the safe travel of my hubby and carl yesterday..
0	 mention ahah takpe la. You guys go ahead smiley Tomorrow i want go normal timing emoji malas nak bangun cepat
0	U Guessed It x OG Maco
0	beep beep! shap shap! beep beep!
0	I lost 1 follower recently and i know who that is thanks to url app
1	retweet mention : BRAND NEW TGIM! SEASON 9 BABY!! THANK GOD IT'S MONDAY! THE PROBLEM IS AVERAGE and this is the SEASON of SOLUTIONS! htt…
0	 mention mention second straight year without a preseason
1	I need a man who will happily sing to Matt &amp; Kim with me daylight 
1	There has to be some sort of mercy rule for the NFL cause this is ridiculous
0	Get your Gatorade and lanyard here at our Trending Legacy booth while it's still availab.. url url 
1	Thanks for the PSUnrivaled welcome home! Now it's time to BeatUMASS. url 
1	baah to com frio
0	Do you guys like my new layout emoji 
0	I want to take a picture so bad l
0	 mention Has anyone been in a Chinese office? Most employees spend 6 or 7 hours a day on QQ/Taobao/Weixin.
1	 mention mention You're beautiful.
0	"retweet mention : "" mention : mention sub cool, well text me then""Girl I forgot to text you that fast I'm bouta"
0	jennifer i've been asking you to follow me on twitter since 2012 ever will? mention pls my love pls bby PatienceAndFaith ♥ not ignore me emoji *-*
0	 mention culture takes a long time to develop (especially with English as the language of conversation in it).
1	I don't think I will ever understand you emoji 
1	retweet mention : dating johnson would include dirty talk deep talks laughing playing sports wearing his clothes cute selfies him loving …
1	 emoji type shit
0	Just in case you thought I was lying url 
1	retweet mention : if you're going to recycle the same 3 jokes over and over again at least make them funny I'm begging
0	 mention I'm coming over for dinner emoji 
0	Supporting STEM education in Louisiana that's preparing tomorrow's offshore engineers url url 
0	"retweet mention : Bored at work? Check out the newest ""Smoked Up"" url cigar cigars "
0	 FollowMeTrev emoji mention IM SO PROUD OF U AND UR NEW MUSIC VID!! emoji BE MY 2/6?? emoji 
0	retweet mention : Ideal url 
0	retweet mention : si syd LizQuenForTheBet Excited For Forevermore mention 
0	Shake body or O set??
1	 mention oh I listened to this song when u put it I was singing along in this bish eating food from the ground bish then SLAUGHTERHOUSE!
1	 mention yea he's a beast
1	Even without fame &amp; money Former NTV anchor BEN KITILI looked this hot. url via mention 
0	 mention meree
1	I really wish Meghan was a lesbian, because I am.
0	 mention I would say right now
1	 mention mention or anything else..she is EVILLE
0	Check out this cool White Collar Season 6 Promo url Thanks! mention 
1	Animals are suffering in laboratories. Join mention 's fight against cruel experiments today &amp; have your gift DOUBLED: url 
0	 mention do you know what characters were filming?
1	retweet mention smiley ear Uruguay ❤️, thank you for having me in your parliament today! It was such an exciting atmosphere. womeninpolitics pari… 
1	All the sprites in the world can't cure my Chris brown thirst.
0	retweet mention : My early morning exercise smiley oing kush-ups.
1	retweet mention : Too many incubus lyrics that I want to tweet
1	 mention How's tricks man? I know you blew it up last Saturday! emoji 
1	A big thank you to Mr. and Mrs. Wulff for donating mulch and spending part of their weekend getting it placed around our beautiful sign!!
0	"retweet mention : Sometimes your friends get drunk and think the password to their iPhone is ""Diet Coke"". iphonedisabled url "
1	One thing is for sure, I'll never NOT be annoyed by the the over abundance of flags every weekend. Thanks mention . NFLSunday 
0	 mention mention mention sir it can be either way.maybe you regret by no supporting pti.
1	Just crack my phone some more emoji 
1	It's so nice out emoji 
0	[LUHAN] position in group is lead vocal and lead dancer
0	Game of sin life 
1	Hmmph what too doo emoji 
1	 mention haha probably not, older people aren't quick enough!!
1	retweet mention : I feel like mention has been surrounded by adoring fangirls for too long, which is why he thought that video would be okay.
0	 mention mention Those cases are really rare. For now I can only come up with MarriageNotDating 
1	 mention unexpected, but awesome show
1	 mention thanks ya dareen tol 3omrek sa7bet wageb! Eshta ill enjoy akeed emoji 
0	 mention mention mention Vic it was a nonbasic event emoji 
1	 mention love you too
0	I've collected 41,330 gold coins! url iphone, iphonegames, gameinsight 
1	retweet mention : I love amazingspiderman2! It's got such heart &amp; the special effects f-ing rule and the hero doesn't get a happy ending. …
0	 mention I expect it's down to the video driver - might be worth checking a 'draw black to white gradient' project screenshot
0	"""These Cardboard Cargo Carriers Fold Together In Seconds, So Cyclists Can Carry Groceries"" url "
1	 mention Beautiful picture! I like the sky!
0	retweet mention : retweet if you want to be Darren's Bouncer. BOUNCER FOR DARREN.
0	Its True url 
1	QUIT LOOKING AT MY PAPER IM NOT EVEN SMART IF YOURE GONNA CHEAT OFF SOMEONE IT SHOULDNT BE ME
1	retweet mention : I've always wanted to go to another school for a day just to see what it's like
1	Y'all, it seriously hurts to move. It's like I hear my bones grinding together emoji 
0	retweet mention : mention MILEY STEWART
1	retweet mention : I wore shorts on stage tonight.. I'm sorry
1	retweet mention : I need my eyebrows done.
1	 mention I plan on it! Thank you!! emoji gonna schedule a massage while I'm at it.
1	You'd think you'd get more appreciation for wasting time and doing good things for people, guess not
1	Rocksmith 2014 Edition Heading to Xbox One and PS4 url technology 
1	 mention you are most certainly missing out on the good things in life then
1	retweet mention : A huge moment for white guys in the secondary. WhiteAthleteSuccess url 
1	retweet mention : Brown Institute &amp; Tow Center sponsored mention wins first prize for its Demo at the NYC Media Lab Summit!
0	Home Depot Hack Could Be Largest Ever: 56 Million Credit Cards At Risk url 
0	Frozen coming to Disney World as new attraction mention mention url 
1	Baja blast is easily the best drink ever made!!
1	Let's see if I'm going to be able to roll with the big dawg rn tho
1	“ mention : Want someone that will make me forget about all the bullshit in my life.”
0	Nuts butters galore! Try them all! nutty heathy url 
1	 mention thanks for the retweet, Bill! teamwork 
1	So come with me, we'll go and see the big rock candy mountain!
0	 emoji hi Luke Hemmings from 5SOS I'm not trying to impress you but IM BATMAN! pls follow me emoji ilysm mention emoji x2475
0	The Pines refurbishment plan is underway. Find out more: url SCGCCgolf 
0	How to: Easy Way to Convert Wikipedia Articles to eBooks - url ocsb ebooks wikipedia 
1	i cannot wait for AHS , i need someone to watch it with tho. that shit looks too scary
0	o last night i played adc against golds and got a perfect game i was rly happy especially because going into it i was devastated emoji 
1	retweet mention : Today's a very very special day url 
1	 mention i love youu❤
1	retweet mention : OH MY GOD THIS DOG IS THE SHIT url 
1	Or cares about
1	"retweet mention : ""Nah nigga I'm tired"" url "
1	International Business Times How A Single Website May Help Tons Of Low-Income Smokers Quit url 
1	This is hilarious.hes now banging on about meeting 'Colin 'last wk outside a hospital.last time i saw him out he was running from a Jock mob
0	 mention user
0	retweet mention : EbolaResponse - Ban Ki-moon has announced a new UN emergency health mission url UNMEER url 
0	THE VAMPS ARE MY IDOLS!! PLEAASE LET ME MEET THEM!! ClairesxTHEVAMPS y
0	 mention could you tell me what it feels like to have your follow
1	The awkward moment when you're that one friend who always gives relationship advice but is still single.
0	retweet mention : mention mention mention mention mention mention thank you for the delicious macar…
1	retweet mention : My life definitely isn't perfect but I'm thankful for all that I have
1	Fellas.. How to Speak Like A Gentleman | 9 Talking Tips to…: url 
1	retweet mention : Those dresses though! They’re all so beautiful! emoji PLLChristmas url 
0	Coffee? The neighbours don't know. Central london DungeonHire url url 
0	You are contemplating a major change in your lifestyle these d.. More for Gemini url 
1	Breakfast with my favorite little lady Brooklyn you get the yolks I'll take the whites ☕️ bfastofchamps url 
1	Slept until 10:30 eff my life
0	Brb getting food.
1	What is sleep?
0	Enter to win a One Direction Miami concert experience makeupby1D directioners url 
1	Yeah it's probably bouta be quiet for that ass emoji 
0	Kris Jenner files for divorce from husband Bruce url 
0	retweet mention : Tonight url 
0	Rivers' doctor denies 'unauthorized procedure' url 
1	retweet mention : Every single Republican in the US Senate voted against equal pay for equal work for women today. Unreal. equalpay 
0	Feds url 
0	Didn't do fl hw
1	Knew fultons would pay off one day. Found gluten free pasties in there. That are usually an absolute fortune in supermarkets
1	hey mention you should give the front row 1D tix to &gt;&gt; mention &lt;&lt; because she deserves them more than anyone win97 smiley 
1	summers coming, stop the bugs biting you and your family url url 
1	Heard mention balled out yesterday in her softball games yesterday .. ndcsoftball ⚾️ emoji 
0	“ mention : Maybe just maybe I'll tell you how I feel..”
0	retweet mention : A new behaviour caught on camera - a feline hitching rides from rhinos and buffalo: url via mention url 
1	Beyoncé and Jay Z have the cutest relationship emoji 
0	retweet mention : A whiskey vending machine shown at the Second Automatic Vending Exhibition in London, 1960 (via LIFE) url 
0	retweet mention : 10 ways to wear all black e'rything: url url 
1	retweet mention : Indian leftist &amp; secularist intellectuals cry for minority in India.But reluctant to know about Bangladesh &amp; Pakistan…
1	 mention mention yall wildn
1	retweet mention : have y'all gotten mention 's app RollyBird ? It's so fun! My high score is 5 emoji url what's your…
0	retweet mention : Awesome day mention CheckOut mention and mention rocking the mention stage today url 
1	retweet mention : My bank account would be ballin' if I didn't buy so much food all the time.
1	if you were cute all your life then lucky you cuz most of us had to go thru that ugly ass stage to get to where we are now smh
1	Lmfao.! Wow Dude Really smiley 
0	'Lullaby and The Ceaseless Roar' seems perfectly appropriate for this fantastic new song by RobertPlant 'Rainbow' url 
0	retweet mention : The score of a new work for mention , 'Shakespeare Songs of Night-time', has been delivered just in time for first rehe…
1	Destin punish
1	 mention sorry fam
0	retweet mention : Check out DL's Rewinds..any DLQ you can catch up now mention mention mention mention 
0	retweet mention : If you are at SFO, stop by Converge mention and join the conversation with mention about onlineprivacy SFO url 
1	retweet mention : The rain had girls hair doing all sorts emoji 
1	Only if u were here
1	CJ keep retweeting stuff emoji 
1	Boring
1	 mention is so nasty emoji 
1	 mention mention mention mention mention mention mention hugs . . . I'm on the safe side of the pond smiley 
0	 mention they didn't
1	retweet mention : today's the day emoji pre sale for thehoneymoontour goes up today at 4pm on my fan club on the Fahlo… url 
1	retweet mention : Cannot wait for my son and daughter to reunite tonight! SiblingLove Love casts no shadow!!
1	I ate a lot during lunch, I think I already covered my calorie intake for 3 days. FoodBloggers 
0	 mention soon please
0	retweet mention : Never judge my choices if you don't even know my reasons.
1	retweet mention : No more Breaking Bad
0	" mention mention Pr ""HOT NIGGA"" Music Video Brand new from mention shot by mention retweet url "
1	"Apparently Gatsby ripped a mole out of the ground so now every time I call my dad he says ""john the mole killer"" because he had to kill it."
0	retweet mention : MORE mention in June on mention 's son's tie to Gilbert23 case: 'I don't care who you are.' Monty &amp; Flake have en…
0	retweet mention : We need 9 Jayson Werths in the lineup tonight.
1	retweet mention : Boys like a little more booty to hold at night smiley 
1	Forever young, I wanna be forever young emoji ❤️✨
1	retweet mention : Just thinking about you makes me SMILE smiley 
0	Photoset: rozconscious: So because I can’t seem to stop randomly sewing things, I accidentally bought a.. url 
0	Comcast is suppose to double my internet speeds within a month, Iron Man incoming
0	retweet mention : mention you should pick mention for the takemebackstage contest! she deserves this so much smiley url 
0	 mention doesnt seem like u dont emoji 
0	 mention You need to come see the fam!
1	im only on my way to school and i already want to kms
0	Go ahead emoji url 
0	retweet mention : QueenLatifah's 'When You're Good to Mama’ Chicago hit translates perfectly to her Season2 premiere honoring MamaReita. mention …
1	But that doesn't mean you have to go. Do what feels safe and right for you. sexabusechat 
0	retweet mention : mi nd mai dolphinz al glo'd up url 
0	The Nation of Islam gotta move into the White House to watch Secret Service.
1	someone come study for biology with me emoji 
1	She look like 40 or something
1	" mention : jones :"")"
1	I've looked for you all of my life
0	retweet mention : Weak, insecure leaders are easily intimidated by competent subordinates. Secure leaders surround themselves with the best.
1	ed sheeran is life
0	retweet mention smiley rake and mention at Bootsy Bellows last night. url 
1	Happy birthday to the man I have always called my hero, Jim Henson.
0	 mention mention Thanks dildo. Appreciate it man
0	 mention what's happening outside
1	"""The last book I read was All Our Yesterdays. I love reading especially dystopian…"" via mention url "
0	retweet mention : I tried to go past Welbz 1v1 today and somehow it ended with him playing guitar.. emoji url 
1	retweet mention : The press smells blood. RogerGoodell 
1	ok what i NEED to do is bottle everything back up and do something cute and random and funny to distract me yeah
0	retweet mention : Powerful slide from mention on the avalanche we are facing in diabetes url 
1	 mention he's not even at your house anymore emoji 
1	Happy birthday angel emoji hope you have a lovely day and party hard emoji ❤️ emoji mention url 
0	retweet mention : Kobe Bryant vs. LeBron James! url 
1	 mention ily ur my fav
0	Sorry, im an eagles fan bro
0	 mention mention getting stressed by this game smiley Worlds 
0	aliciakeys url url 
0	 mention come on
1	retweet mention : mention much love dominick
1	 mention mention wow. East coast so ungrateful.
0	retweet mention : Art Man on Alcatraz. Who wants to see mention 's show mention ? Opens this Saturday. mention url 
1	iOS 8 is pretty awesome!
1	 mention thanks &gt;&lt;
0	I liked a mention video from mention url PelukaSkyline Informativo - Descarga Juegos Digitales PS3
0	 mention mention mention mention come hayes it's just us left
0	Explain something to me? what's the big deal with threesomes? naughty Y url url 
1	"Up up We Miss JOSHANE So Much Only JoshAne For NKNKK"""
0	 mention emoji don't worry about it
0	The trailer for mention takes my breath away: url mention mention mention 
1	retweet mention : GOODMORNING smiley 
1	Things aren't the same.
0	retweet mention : The Syrian diplomat in the U.S. who secretly helped opponents of Assad's regime get passports: url url 
1	So after laying perfectly still for an hour my dog fell asleep and it turns out he snores
0	Laser Pointer and A Cat mention BadPageantTalents 
0	retweet mention : Me rn LiamBrokeHisArmOnHisAnaconda url 
1	The Stupid Things I Do emoji I Do It For You emoji 
0	retweet mention : 7 times Olivia Palermo looked INCREDIBLE at London Fashion Week: url url 
0	retweet mention : Nas is just.. emoji 
1	Still hasn't hit me.. 5 days till Japan/Philippines vacay 
0	retweet mention : Crying isn't an indication of weakness. Since birth it's always been a sign that you are actually alive.
1	retweet mention : mention mention got damn bastard mention !!
0	Have you heard this great grape tip from mention yet? url TeamWalmartProduce ad 
1	retweet mention : OMG school is too much right now I can't even handle it emoji 
0	Yo, GamerGate, keep the emails flying and support peeps like mention and mention . As for me, I'm gonna play some JoJo. smiley 
1	I only go to the parish to see family fuck that place
0	 mention JESSICA REPLY TO MY TEXT
1	Boom boom shake shake now drop! emoji 
0	Instruments: Vocals
0	In-laws, 81 and 85 years old both voted Yes..But they've got an iPad. the45 included the65+ 
0	 mention add some bananas
0	retweet mention : Nick postiglione of mention passed away. As fine a man as ever to grace the funnybook business. He's hanging with …
1	Met mention today and she told me I'm on the right track to becoming a makeup artist emoji she was so inspiring emoji url 
0	" mention it could be… ""was my dad ever in shape??"""
0	Bromo Explore &amp; River Tubing Special Tahun Baru 31 Des-1 Jan by mention url 1Traveler1Book NewTrip 
1	you sir.. are an asshole. retweet mention : “ mention He has to be in small venues there's no fucking was.” *way
0	 mention my son bet worth is 25 mill she ain't even touch a mill yet
1	Finna Go Back 2 Sleep Maybe This Will All Be A Dream emoji 
0	 mention wish I was in bed with you
1	I'm not gonna lie. I miss going out and partying all the time, but I wouldn't trade staying home with my sweetie every night for anything.
0	 mention lets do it
1	 mention thanks so much sweetie always smile and please know Michael loves you a lot smiley goodnight keep in touch xox
0	retweet mention : Mentorship, support, opportunities to innovate are important to grow &amp; sustain health workforce. HealthWorkersCount h…
0	retweet mention smiley olph Ziggler defeats The Miz to become the NEW WWE Intercontinental Champion. RAW 
1	retweet mention : White people always take shit too far url 
1	I've harvested 4,710 of food! url iphone, iphonegames, gameinsight 
0	Already need a nap
1	 mention follows here please. I love you. 16
1	Tired as tf emoji 
1	retweet mention : let's go gators!
1	retweet mention : I look like a five year old boy next to Ashleigh
1	“ mention : THE MOST irrelevant people try to creep into everyone's business to make themselves relevant” retweet!!
0	“ mention : Power couples are so dope. And so rare.” Wish i had one
0	"""Fuck it I Quit!!"" url "
0	retweet mention : url *There must be SOMEONE who wants to live in a high-tech supercity conjured from the desert
1	I have to have a phone consultation with my doctor in an hour but I think the better option would be to change my name and move countries
1	 mention feel better! emoji hopefully it'll be over soon enough haha
1	Definitely need a break from you emoji 
1	 mention mention Awwhh cuties emoji love you
0	retweet mention : So, we'll be running HCGiveaway until Xmas. Checked with mention &amp; it's officially* the biggest book giveaway ever. *not of…
0	CBB Treasury Bills oversubscribed by 209% url 
0	""" mention : Courtship is interview time, not intercourse time. ElevateNG TheBridge"" "
0	No school holiday rest for young Kokoda Track trekkers url 
1	 mention please tell him to follow me pleasee
0	You may be stuck in an outdated emotional pattern today, yet y.. More for Taurus url 
0	I don't have to go to a HBCU if I don't want to.. Wth.
0	❗️❗️“ mention : Ian letting go that easy..”
1	Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.-Napoleon Hill
1	My classmate composed that song emoji EMABiggestFan1D 
0	 mention pop in..am doing a Gp visit but back after 2
1	Separation isn't a waste of time .. After Separation Comes Elevation .. Separation ain't always a bad thing!
0	I'll hold you down . emoji 
1	 mention with my friend, wbu? emoji 
1	"""why men lie and women wear make-up """
0	retweet mention : My lunch Spider Crab !! mention what's yours Adam? mention mention freshfish italian url 
1	retweet mention : his smile is so precious url 
0	Don't Panic - Coldplay url via mention 
0	 mention very very detailed hmm
1	 mention it's always a struggle dude haha
0	 mention mention Bricksquad D Block
1	Her voice is so damn good
0	jessica—locke: do you just ever rewatch all the videos on the THAC channel and just laugh and cry at the.. url 
1	They persecuted the prophets before you. -Matthew 5:12 (please retweet).
0	Let's enjoy&amp;fast messenger with your friend through vibration!! Don't believe??
0	I posted a new photo to Facebook url 
0	 mention lemme see
1	retweet mention : ★HAPPY★BIRTHDAY★ **＼★ E L L Y ★／** JSB3 url 
1	Bored asf
1	So bored I'm getting depressed emoji 
1	 mention mention Shiit child please
1	retweet mention : Bears sources tell me the team is dismayed by Marshall's press conf. and feel misled. They advised him not to speak, b…
1	retweet mention : Lmaoo so I know I'm a little late but the BringThatAssHereBoi that mention said with the lineup joke.. AHAHAHAHAAHAHA…
0	 mention the black toes is still at the store nigga
0	retweet mention : To the “fans” that left and said that One Direction was done after the third album url 
1	Just got my second dozen. Should I try for a third?? emoji 
1	 mention I'm so sorry.
1	retweet mention : bambam making a dumb face while yugyeom's talking ; w; url 
0	 mention me plz
1	Happy Birthday sweetheart mention emoji 
0	retweet mention : YO PEEPS NEW COVER W/ mention of lovin it by Ariana! It's pretty bomb if I do say so myself url 
0	I've gathered 10 Scrolls! Can you do better? Download to find it out! url android,#androidgames,#gameinsight 
1	I like his friend better than him lmfao
0	retweet mention : This picture tells t Story of t Society we live in and how young men's dreams are put to risk !! url 
1	Went for a pub meal last evening, spent the rest of night getting rid of it!! Feel like I've been run over by a tractor!! a bit delicate.
0	Random thoughts.
1	retweet mention : nypd filling up a 2nd bus with arrested protestors. Support them- donate to our bail fund url url 
1	Wednesday is gonna be a good day! Buzzing emoji 
1	My favourite girls xx url 
1	 mention bro it's amazing i love it &lt;3
1	retweet mention : mention thanks for the follow back!
1	 mention mention .. Jean. Other Jean, go. I'm having my private time with MY Marco.
0	Hello, fall and hello plaid emoji 
0	iPhone users ! url 
1	retweet mention : SCHURLLE YOU FUCKING HERO!! CFC KTBFFH 
1	retweet mention : Always be happy with what you have, while always working for what you want.
1	GO STALK mention HE IS DOING A GAIN TWEET ! x6
0	I've gathered 4 Scrolls! Can you do better? Download to find it out! url android,#androidgames,#gameinsight 
0	 mention You playing anything
1	He's a man whore. That's also my story. Like can he not?
0	Once one guy is interested in me it's like all these other guys are too
0	retweet mention : go subscribe to url just do it
1	Lovee the make over part on ANTM haha
0	If Big Brother were full of cereal eating comps Victoria would be kicking everybody's butt. That's all she ever does. BB16 
0	retweet mention : How was everyone's day? smiley 
1	Look how beautiful AND happy my baby look doing something she enjoys mention beauty brains USC18 shegotit url 
1	 mention i would but theres tons of other people that wanna go with you because youre fame so
1	Boutta hit venice emoji 
0	 mention mention Ellen, you'll not like what our President has planned for last seasons players!
0	retweet mention : Congrats to mention on his Sailing World Championships laser bronze url url 
1	 mention Sewer is so annoying
0	Foods that make you tired: url 
0	Electro ShowTime Party - Dj Ralf InDaHouse&gt; url 
1	retweet mention : wait a minute this isn’t my homework this is twitter how did this happen
1	 mention mention cant watch it lol
1	Big data security analytics still immature, say security experts url mention 
0	Am I a boring person oh god sobs
0	retweet mention : LAST CHANCE!! mention is giving a lucky winner the ultimate ImABoss experience. Text 38383 to enter!
1	 mention Ya look like a bimbo wearing that outfit. *snickers*
1	CLUB MARTINIS IS FINNA GO DOWN LIKE IT ALWAYS DO ON MONDAYS, IF ITS YOUR BIRTHDAY COME ON LET DO IT VIRGOS AND LIBRAS
0	retweet mention : url ‘At some point you have to build a real business, generate real profits…produce value the old fashi…
1	 mention irdk what I wanna b..psychology, or vet, but the most I want it's actress but idk if it's gonna work emoji 
0	LOL retweet mention : welbeck watch united like this url 
0	 mention Done.
0	like.. in any way.
0	Dick Cheney Should be in Jail: Read the full transcript here url ANS2014 
1	I luv griLLz emoji 
0	retweet mention : Holland says Kurt Zouma was immaculate in defence without really being tested and being a threat in front of goal is a big b…
0	 mention mention unless its Oakland.
1	“ mention : mention emoji you not talking yeaahh emoji ”I'm not talking bout you know who . text me dummy i needa fetch hip emoji 
1	Still here!! Come on 2pm!! typhoon hongkong url 
1	Yal so thirsty yal settle for anything
1	retweet mention : Awesome video of the 2014 MRTI season! mention mention mention mention TeamCooperTire url 
1	Sunny releases the only little warmth in my heart emoji 
1	The Fascinating Effects of Music on the Brain | Be Brain Fit url 
1	Had the moment passed out woke all lights on umm sleep 45 mo or say fuck it A/C 
1	retweet mention : Never be afraid to try something new because life gets boring when you stay within the limits of what you already know.
1	retweet mention : Please come back together !! We really love u both a lot !! Please ViShti Come Back !! WeWantMEIEJSeason2WithDVD h…
1	retweet mention : Really need to stop saying sorry all the time
1	“ mention : Tomorrow's Herald front page. indyref HT mention url now that's great advertising placement! emoji 
0	what do I want to eat..
1	retweet mention : “ mention : mention ugh I'd stay up to tweet TedTo25k and get it trending, if my first day of school wasn't tomorrow” get s…
1	My niggas don't play, yeah we stay strap mention got the shotgun mention got the Mac emoji 
0	 mention safe bro
0	 mention mention she was talking
1	O i still remember it tho lol
0	Fire drill emoji 
0	 mention Haha yeah that's true, need to order more
0	on the way.
0	 mention mention smiley ismissiveness towards an attacked population only highlights the dismisser's short-comings. We demand equality.
0	I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in Sweep Da Mines. url 
1	ι respect people that tell me the truth emoji , no matter how hard it is emoji 
1	 mention OK, thanks! cc mention mention 
1	My moccasins come in tomorrow. Yes. Yes. All the yes.
0	 mention you gotta have mention open up for you when you go to Boston
1	Guests are treated like Gods at the heavenly Taj Mahal Palace hotel in Mumbai url Travel Holidays 
0	 mention Really? smiley Did they ask anyone's permission? Do they ask for it anywhere else in Ukraine? mention 
0	$AHP - Ashford Prime Declares Dividend For Third Quarter Of 2014 url 
1	 mention lullzz..! confused ho tum pta nae q emoji 
0	What do we need to improve leadership in health systems? HealthWorkersCount UNGA. mention mention 
0	 mention please follow back xx
0	At Big Kahuna with my cousins abbarod and Aaron! url 
1	retweet mention : You were the sun and moon to me☺️ emoji url 
0	I want to do a cover of a song for soundcloud Which should I do? •even my dad does sometimes •all of the stars •fireproof •warrior •others?
1	retweet mention : fuck these other niggas i'll be right by your side 'til 3005
0	An all new SmaxxiesCorner premiere's TOMORROW at 12pm! This week's topic: HAIR ROUTINE! Only on TheLibrary! url 
1	i thought i would wake up to rain emoji 
1	retweet mention : Lol 13 winks in just 1 performance holler - 태티서. url 
1	marriages in the future are gonna be like: 'do u take her to be ur lawfully wedded bae'
1	 mention smiley love you smiley &lt;3
1	Had the craziest dream last night
0	retweet mention : mention savages
0	work flow
1	retweet mention : I liked a mention video url Céline Dion duet with Ne-Yo - Incredible
0	 mention what's this post in response to?
1	retweet mention : Owned, have students own their own work, more movitated , brings empowerment, tangible outcomes, this brings pride mention 
0	follow me please mention emoji x51
1	Cmon boys u got this!! SFvsAZ 
0	And you said I didn't care emoji 
1	Happy birthday! mention Have a nice day ahead ★
1	I'm sleepy af bruh
0	Skooly x I Wonder Why emoji 
0	According to url my Twitter account is worth $6.30 What's Yours worth? freestuff mention url 
1	 mention aw shucks! You guys are amazing and thanks again for the opportunity. WorkingOnThem 
1	 mention I like you mention 
0	I think that if Harley can have her own series, then so can Ivy.
0	Hot–Save up to 60% on The North Face + Free Shipping! via The Krazy Coupon Lady - Love The North .. url 
0	retweet mention : It's game day! NY Urban League Classic - mention vs mention at Met Life Stadium. Go Bears! mention 
1	 mention not me? Should I be an egg so you can follow me?
0	And I'll be fuckin fine
1	goodnight tho emoji 
1	U.S. Census Will Finally Count Gay, Lesbian Families url 
1	cutest omg EMABiggestFansArianaGrande url 
0	In the meantime, have a browse at our website for some inside information surrounding the Clyde: url 
0	Nightline: New Fashion Trend: Spending More, Buying Less | Video - ABC News url via mention 
0	 mention okay cool. I'll be there smiley 
1	“ mention : it needs to be washed..and..yeah..any takers?”
1	Hate coming home on my break because the effort of walking back to college is just
1	Hara, Dasom, and Seo Kang Jun to host the “2014 Hallyu Dream Concert” url 
1	- - emoji just saw nick cleaning that stadium !
0	"retweet"".. 3D printed ventilation system with internal parts made from beer cans! LDF14"" &gt; eau de Stella throughout a building? !"
0	 mention same
1	Ole morton ass
1	retweet mention : Gotta say! Tulsa was ridiculous tonight! The smallest show on the tour making a hell of a lot of noise ! incredible
1	 mention fuck off
0	 mention smh cause that be the songs they gotta dumb down
1	I really wish I looked like I do on pictures in real life
1	Wuu..EXO.. Love You Guys..
1	I'm also the only guy in the class so needless to say my confidence is in the shitter right now emoji 
1	There is nothing better than a day off with mention 
1	 mention emoji lol okay that sounds good emoji 
0	Plans for the weekend? Utah has 2 of the top 20 national parks! url utpol 
0	 mention I never said how many holiday I'm planning!! emoji 
0	1909 new qualityassurance jobs now posted. Check out job openings near url 
1	Routis sounding good. bcafc 
0	all i did today tbh was do a test and scream yay
0	Writing writing writing. .thas what am doing this period. .. something tell me that what I'm writing will will be great hits someday. ..
1	I tend to overthink shit &amp; then end up putting myself in my feelings smh
0	I liked a mention video from mention url ONE OF MY CRAZIEST CLIPS EVER - INSANE KILLCAM
0	Weird how so much has changed in a short amount of time, life goes on.
0	retweet mention : Now playing: 'FAITH' by 'GEORGE MICHAEL'
1	When the whole black twitter wants to fuck your old chick -__-
0	 mention murray, ball and bradshaw
1	retweet mention : VIDEO: Jon Stewart catches, kills, skins, roasts and eats the NFL url 
1	My biggest flaw, I overthink everything and it kills my entire day..
0	 mention The life of a fangirl
1	And now I will cram the work I should have done like 4 hours ago into 30 minutes, goodnight.
1	 mention No thank you money is not a problem smiley 
0	retweet mention : White Paper - Putting Social Media Technology To Work in E-commerce url 
0	 mention mention I hope IS doesn't abuse her.
1	retweet mention : Can't go home alone again, need someone to numb the pain
0	"retweet mention : ""Do not be a negative minded person. Have an eye for the good."" - mention EncouragementRally "
1	Liam looks so funny with his cast tucked into the leather jacket. I can't
0	Tegan’s Top 11 Under-Appreciated Animated Films url 
1	When I'm feel down and need someone they will be the person im looking for. emoji cintahati endlesslove url 
0	retweet mention : Quote with where your from?
0	Make merry increasingly ethnic joke juncture dabbling online jacks: WqeFwUf
1	retweet mention : So wonderful to see all the crafty talent that Basingstoke has to offer - keep those applications coming in! 󾌸.. http…
0	Need lots of cups of tea to recover from today's htafc game. I'll be at the JSS next week. NEED to see passion Town! UTT 
0	I low key really want those sunglasses.
1	I feel so bad for missing the meeting today.. emoji lol
1	""" mention : mention unnie let's 미친거아니야 haha smiley "" come on!! Calling 투피엠 fans out there and lets start 미친거아니야 "
1	retweet mention : Paul Scholes doesn't like noisy Italians! url 
0	 mention are B-corps a real trend? Myopic corps will disagree, but yes: 27 states w/legislation, profit not just cutting cost agmsyd 
0	Let ya guard down ya niggas know u feel er emoji 
0	Eset &gt;&gt; Printer security: Canon offers ‘fix’ after researcher plays Doom url 
1	not sure about this..but i know she's got some BAK's (bad ass kids for those who don't k.. MysteriesofLaura tvtag url 
0	retweet mention : Sad &amp; tragic on assassination of Dr Shakeel,Dean Khi Uni &amp; father of our mention mem Malhan Khan. Sindh Govt is respon…
0	retweet mention : Easily the most embarrassing gameplay experience of 2014, for everyone involved url url 
1	Wish I was at home right now so I could smell my dad's Sunday dinner cooking emoji 
1	Trying to stay awake in Great Monuments of Art is always a struggle emoji 
1	I just received a reward: Optimizer url Androidgames Android Gameinsight 
0	You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.
1	 mention thankyou lovee❤️
1	Praying for the best. May everything work out as destiny intended it to.
1	 mention mention love it
1	retweet mention : I met Michael emoji url 
0	retweet mention : mention damn bruh your song is stuck in my head! emoji 
1	Looking like a boy today emoji packing can smd emoji ✈ ~~ I wanna be at the beach !! emoji ⛅ emoji url url 
0	LARRY SHIPPERS&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
1	retweet mention : Teach not thy lip such scorn, for it was made For kissing, lady, not for such contempt. -William Shakespeare
1	retweet mention : If i ever lie against any guy on here just for publicity, make God strike me dead!!
1	TRAFFIC! city problem traffic problem rushhour cars jakarta indonesia url 
1	never looking in the mirror again I ruined my own night
1	retweet mention : Waking up after playing those shows makes you feel like a very lucky chap. Thank you so much for everything you do. All t…
1	 mention I want to keep them, but I keep hoping to see some kind of change before I commit to that. Doesn't sound promising.
1	That Psycho Fucking Defense! MSSTvsLSU 
1	 mention okay just cause you copy and paste your whole essay!! MrsSmith 
0	retweet mention : The best use of life is love.
0	Working in our industry, we often get asked certain questions, which we are more than happy to answer! url 
0	Broncos play today I should be happy
0	retweet mention : 49ers averaging 12 penalties for 101 yards per game. In Harbaugh's 1st 3 years, was 6.8 penalties for 58.7 yards per game
1	It's my time to be greedy now.
0	please hurry emoji ☀️ emoji ✈️ emoji url 
1	retweet mention : Can't believe how amazing my cake is for my 21st! mention mention cycling url 
1	im not alone emoji [pic] — url 
1	retweet mention : The Aftermath..Making huge progress!! Want to thank everyone who has played a part in my recovery… url 
0	retweet mention : mention Such a dirty name for such a beautiful thing. asitshouldbe RookieBlue 
0	 mention mention ashton can catch me whenever he want tbh !
0	The heart wants most what the heart can't have.
1	Jesus Christ, because obviously “pornography” is on the same level as “harming children” and “stalking”. Jesus Fucking Christ.
1	 mention And was involved with coaching the Canucks last year so has a good idea of the team. Surprised me too.
1	Jesus.. mention looks hotter than hot with a moustache. The beard is no more..
0	i.need free tokens in top elevn
1	"""Making a concerted effort to be kind is as vital as making a concerted effort to get some exercise."" url "
1	 emoji “ mention : GloUpChallenge ➕The Glo Up➕ url 
1	40 minutes early to class emoji 
1	"Read old messages and the be like ""you're fuckin stupid why did you do that"" emoji "
0	 mention mention clearly not
0	9 people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me in the last day. Thank you url app
1	YEESS ITS SUPPOSED TO RAIN TOMORROW
1	“ mention : The fact that I've witnessed bitches throw dirt just to get/keep a nigga emoji Hoe, you lame..”
1	 mention facebeat and she is ready to do her thing! makeup by me sade_styles mention … url 
1	Bitches url 
0	retweet mention : Im performing now!! retweet if you’re watching mention with me on mention ! YSEA 
0	WA? WHO url 
0	"DIVAS IN PARIS: Nicki Minaj &amp;amp; Beyonce Perform ""Flawless"" (Remix) At The ""On The Run"" Tour In.. url "
0	retweet mention : Me and my dawg Aaron url 
1	 mention an iced coffee Wednesday would be much appreciated emoji 
0	 dogs doglove Dr. Dog, Mac DeMarco, The Front Bottoms and Hop Along mention The Mann Center. url dogsofinstagram 
0	"Photo ""Little beach"" by Tian Cronje ( mention ) 500px url "
0	 mention yeap but its growing app store so improvements will be added only later !
0	I'm looking for a certain type of person to join me in business workfromhome finacallyfree helpingothers who is with me ??
0	 mention morning to horning..
1	retweet mention : It's so cool how all the guys are taking different career paths &amp; doing their own stuff, hopefully we can come out on top to…
0	Via mention Apple’s Not the Only Company Banking on iPhone 6 - VIDEO: iPhone 6 vs. iPhone 6 Plus url teaparty lnyhbt 
1	Proverbs 2:21 For the upright shall dwell in the land, and the perfect shall remain in it.
0	 mention 2nd in BPL COYR 
0	Criminal is under arrest! Fight the gangs in the streets of London! url iPad iPadGames GameInsight 
1	Bad day
0	 mention What Year?
1	retweet mention : and to whoever called the cops,you're a dick.
0	 mention classic mrs gould
0	Surprised my TV isn't shattered right now
0	 mention wild. We'll see about tomorrow I'm a scholar
1	don't give up rica
0	Bout to do my hair emoji 
1	 mention mention DELILAH wtf is he playing at lmao emoji 
1	Sure, time has passed fast and i didn't realize that.
1	Bruh it's soo hot emoji 
1	The Affectionate Brazil and a program of public policy actions, which helps in combating child labor. url 
0	retweet mention : NASA Maven spacecraft approaching Mars tonight on a mission to study its upper atmosphere: url h…
1	i opened the car door to hard and now i have a bruise on my face! FUCKING OUCCH! &gt; smiley 
1	""" mention : It's hitting me Rn emoji """
0	retweet mention : I forgive you.
1	Nice butt url 
0	 mention mention emoji it depends on who I'm with.
1	retweet mention : Global change: Trees in Central Europe continue to grow at a faster rate, long-term study finds url 
0	 mention from the bottom of my heart..CHUCHUCHU *xyah nk terkejut HaeShinWook sgt smiley * url 
1	retweet mention : my trust is hard to gain, easy to lose
1	I'm such a crabit cunt when I have college folk must hate me emoji 
0	Roku Surpasses 10M Players Sold In U.S.: url by mention | mention cited streamingmedia 
0	""" mention : .. wanna find out when YOU can get hold of StealMyGirl where you are? Check this out: url "
1	retweet mention : mention yo it ain't that time. Don't blow the dust off that bitch just yet lol
0	Riptide emoji 
0	 mention mention LOL dom the baker emoji 
1	Miss the FG!! The Eagles kicker isn't good. Take it to OT!
0	retweet mention : Failureis only the opportunity to begin again more intelligently. -Henry Ford
1	Im still so shocked that i saw mention at the mall
1	 mention one of the best mixtapes covers ever.
0	retweet mention : Is it legal to travel down a road in reverse, as long as your following the direction of the traffic?
0	retweet mention : Here's Q2. of the WordUp Contest. Guess the word? retweet to participate. ContestAlert Contest India url 
1	Love you momma emoji url 
1	 mention Thank you for the flower at Pontiac this year, was fangirling so hard emoji 
1	Then Back to the same me that's my song man emoji 
0	retweet mention : Excited for the show today! Pretty tired today, been working hard for you guys! Big loves
0	retweet mention : Deal~~ Bender by Stacy Borel is only 99 pennies! Love a great deal, go grab your copy! url 
1	 mention mention never that. I miss you guys wyd can we do paradiddles together??
0	I’m ready to engage with my 12 new followers in the past week. I know them via url 
0	""" mention : You can manipulate online voting but you can't manipulate the number of physical album sales"" smiley "
1	 mention thank You for the follow!! PLEASE HELP this amazing disabled man a service dog!! url … … … …
1	retweet mention : i love mention 
1	 mention But I do NOT trust YOU, you liar socialist fraud 
1	Amazing PDNL award night &amp; thx to the amazing mention for opening mention mention mention u must use amazing !!
1	Here we go, reps not getting their work done again
1	The benefit of the path being down is gettin to see the freedom towers
1	retweet mention : 1st street mention Tony Wilson place opens today at Autotraders new head quarters good luck teambrod new coffee bar …
1	retweet mention : Get well soon, mention url 
0	retweet mention : THE VIDEO IS UP! DEMI LOVATO STARED AT MA ASS! retweet AND I MIGHT DM YOU! smiley url mention DIMMY url 
1	Some1 has just said to me scannell has got to play cos he creates goals hmm 
0	 mention N url / September 15, 2014 at 08:28PM
0	retweet mention : Good looking new jerseys.. Not quite the result we were looking for. Lost to mention to finish in 2nd! url 
0	retweet mention : ghost body
1	Thanks to mention &amp; mention for the free shirt. Went old school. Voyageurs baby! url 
1	retweet mention : Night with the boyzz url 
0	 mention wen is it she want me to go too
1	retweet mention : Ask me bout Pump it Up &amp; Ima think u sheep.. Oh u must not know I’m deep.
0	retweet mention : mention mention Not just beer, but mazing Irish craft beer from mention mention mention mention …
1	im falling asleep noo
0	 mention yes mame
1	 mention You're going to work on Mortal Kombat, so quit your whining.
0	retweet mention : I mean Both Richland and Haltom asked not to play us emoji ☕️ emoji 
1	retweet mention : FYI:Thank You Puzzle Fits Now! What Mohammedans Don't Want You2Know. url 
1	 mention happy birthday youngin
0	retweet mention : Have you read this week's Hellenistic Mysteries? New page every Wednesday at url Greece Greek Gree… 
1	I KEEP HEARING NOISES AND LOOKING AROUND BEWILDEREDLY THINKIGN MY BROTHER IS COMING
1	retweet mention : You can't tell a nigga nothing when he up but when dat nigga down he listening like he in a classroom
1	 mention Sooner or later, you will have to upgradr. Every damn app is going to make you, or you won't be able to download them.
0	retweet mention : YES to PesaMashinani NO to Referendum!
1	Might gotta lay it down for 3years but fuk it
0	Jimmy John's Gourmet Sandwiches POS Systems Hacked - I wonder if the hack was freakishly fast? url 
0	Remembering Gram Parsons on the anniversary of death - Editors note:This story was originally published September.. url 
0	retweet mention : i wanna do a creepy cool kinda halloween song.. thoughts?
1	0wned by DodePersie DodeOnTTI ~ One of the best texts you can receive â¤ï¸ url 
1	Haven't been able to update because of space on my phone. Just found out I have 10 gigs worth of saved messages wtf
0	 mention mention Working on it!
0	 mention ohh well I'll just come to you for all my apple problems then
0	retweet mention : We are working with mention who have outsourced their BID development to us url 
1	 mention fricken stop. emoji 
1	retweet mention : emoji // im SOO glad i got to finally meet you youre so cool and fun and lovely emoji i hope we can hangout more
1	Love the dramatic paint color! Who says staging needs to be boring! url 
0	 mention please pick me
1	 mention yeah, lol i know. Thats what the colleges really want to see.
1	 tbt if owned one of these shirts , you def family mention much luv for this pic url 
0	 mention babe please follow me I love you and I need you please please please follow me justin emoji 2137
1	retweet mention : I'm hungry af emoji 
1	 mention mention awesome !
0	Can you find Lance trying to get into the NW roller coster? url 
1	Articles: A Disgusting Practice: Female Genital Mutilation url truly a war on women
1	retweet mention : My heart. Stop. url 
0	 mention Follow me me Bieber ♥ Please x151
1	If you're a guy and you actually put effort into how you look, man props to you, you do you emoji 
0	[09/16/14 12:38PM] Farm Up! Level 13 erreicht. url 
1	 mention I've watched 7 episodes since midnight emoji it's amazing!
1	"retweet mention : sarcasm? ""Thanks to you, I had a fancy welcoming ceremony smiley thanks boo&lt;3 """
0	I know I have quite a few friends who are veterans and I thought I would share this with you, just in case you.. url 
1	 mention hmm I guess, they needed me on the team that's all lol I could be one of the best players
1	 mention your pissed
0	one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by url 
0	The Secrets to Building Muscle in Less Than Ten Seconds url url url 
1	tbh twitter sucks bc it didnt notify me about orin bot so im sure its an okuurin hater
1	 mention Tears swag
0	My current CPU temperature is 48.2 C Date: Sat Sep 20 11:36:03 2014
1	 mention mention mention yay smiley 
1	"retweet mention : mention ""Do what you will Zelda. The haters gonna hate."""
1	 mention It must have been sad saying goodbye to the Audi A5 - but we hope you're happy with your new Audi Q5. We think it looks great!
0	You've completed the Ancestors' Atoll competition!
0	 mention mention sure
0	 mention its still good to come top though, i think if we had walsh lomax and wilkin we would have a great chance of winning it
0	retweet mention : Netflix is bae
1	"""Mean ppl arent nice"" no shit."
0	MoveOn Statement on Today’s House Vote to Arm and Train Syrian Rebels: Statement from Anna Galland, executive .. url 
1	I do love mention , mention , mention , and mention !
1	 mention jay stop fuckin around with my dad! my mom doesnt like this shit! emoji still hot but
1	 mention lol you do that for your shorties ,roses and darkness .
0	 mention mention his brakes were definitely not rubbing warpfactor10scotty 
1	 mention AWW ❤❤ THANKS BBY emoji 
1	 mention lol blackmail that nigga
0	retweet mention : Laughing Buddha Earrings Silver Buddha by LarisJewelryDesigns url via mention etsymntt spiritual… 
1	 mention mention HA! I kind love that comment! &lt;3
0	retweet mention : sooner or later ppl will realize that what u put out is what u get back. the lies/hate etc. give love &amp; I promise life wi…
1	Just got some bad news please pray for my family !!
0	Exactly teenproblems url 
1	retweet mention : Manning. Tamme. TOUCHDOWN! Manning. Thomas. 2-point conversion is GOOD! mention 20, mention 20. 18 seconds left. …
1	I feel like crying for him.
1	 mention mention Girl here you come emoji I SAID WHAT I SAID tf emoji you chiming in ain't goin change it
0	retweet mention : well..OTL url 
0	should probably start my pe essay now
1	retweet mention : 5sosfam on school morning url 
1	Hey that man just been robbed. He didn't have a mobile phone, so they've nicked his shoes!
1	So sad
1	retweet mention : mention happy birthday Mara! I hope you had a great day k4j emoji ⚽️
0	Steve Cutts – Where Are They Now ? | Be Street url 
1	Slurpee emoji 
1	 mention haha that's awesome!! emoji 
1	Photo: preciousmxlik: WHERE THE FUCK DID THIS COME FROM url 
0	 mention what? emoji 
0	"retweet mention : Sept 18th 1983 mention released the album ""Lick It Up"" AllHellsBreakinLoose mention mention url "
0	retweet mention : I Can't Worry Abt Nobody But Me &amp; Mines
1	Supporting Erifilly, Louise and George at the British Trampoline and DMT championships in… url 
1	 mention another cracking show! nice one dave MCB xx
0	retweet mention : Malawi to be trachoma free by 2018' url 
0	Even though we lost mention was popping gotta be like that for every game
0	They can't hang in Dom
1	 mention HAPPY BIRTHDAY GRANT emoji  emoji 
1	why do girls try to act like Kyra isn't pretty because they're jealous.. like obviously she's a 10 &amp; you're a solid 1
0	“Jesus’ story dominated mine a long time ago.” Dominated 
1	These cold, dark mornings make it even harder to get out of bed!
0	retweet mention : SEC's Mary Jo White on Women in the Law url from mention 
0	 mention mention mention mention there are non Jews in the ME who still speak Aramaic.. My point is Israel didn't
1	""" mention : Watch the Finding Carter marathon"" I Loved That Show."
1	I appreciate those who appreciate me! blessed 
1	retweet mention : I like your face
0	 mention they just showed it on nbc here
0	Denydanup Feat WS ~ selow 523989823
1	Starvingg
1	I am working with my friend tracyguns68 and we ordered tacos and he got this can that says 'Share a… url 
0	 mention no idea..
0	New Classical hot Turquoise cute tibet silver Necklace+Pendant H-165 via eBay url url 
1	I think Netflix has it out for all college students.
0	 mention actually I gotta be there early!
1	Cool pumpkin carving url 
0	 GlendaleJobs LAXjobs CAjobs jobs Senior iOS Developer - National Football League - Culver City, CA: The NF.. url 
1	 mention btfol not funny .
1	neon night with my fav emoji fnf mention John Gamble Stadium, Kings Mountain High School url 
0	My freshman and sophomore year &gt;
1	Bad day emoji so motherfucking bad
1	I'd argue with you bitches but instead I'm doing 25 push-ups for every bullshit! ImAtOneHundread 
0	College bucket list url 
0	Forget What You Think You Know About The Office Of The Future | mention url 
0	retweet mention : VIDEO: A Tennessee commit channels his inner Jadeveon Clowney with a helmet-popping hit url url 
0	 mention Are you losing you mind over the new iOS tonight?
1	"Let's have fun defending in ""The Knights of Mira Molla""! url Taking friend requests! ID: 7sd0m"
1	can we just go back to the night i saw spice girls in concert and i saw david beckham best night of my life
0	retweet mention : Fansacct: Kyu's appa at MOM House told the fans that there will be free shuttle bus to pick up fans back to MOM House af…
1	BUT OMFG IM GONNA CRY BECAUSE THERE WHERE IM GONNA BE AT
1	 emoji mention love watching jacob grow emoji emoji PRAYING BC HOODIE emoji perfectonyoutube emoji x3,276 url 
0	retweet mention : only ride emoji for the niggas I walked emoji wit ❗️ emoji 
1	 mention it is! you'll love it! I made some presets and wavetables for it emoji 
0	Charcoal Chicken Bayside - URGENT SALE url chicken shopforsale 
1	The hysterical audience was in fact my collection of figurines.
0	 mention &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; follow mention 
1	 mention lmao FCKD up ain't even the word
0	The New Batmobile and the Era of the Militarized Superhero Movie url entertainment 
0	Costa Blanca Spain weather conditions 14:01 PM Temp 32.7°C Humidity 39 pct Wind 1.1 mph NNW SpanishWeather url 
0	retweet mention : When you fall in front of your crush url 
1	"retweet mention : "" mention : "" mention : Jane smiley ) url Aww. Ang cute!! Jane's true friends."""
0	Life is all about learning from yesterday, living for today, and hoping for tomorrow.
0	retweet mention : Not everyone you lose is a loss.
0	retweet mention smiley ay 2 of Zurich Pedal! 205km in terrible weather.. and definitely not flat.. great effort team! url stra… 
0	retweet mention : London and mention to host mention EURO2020 Final and Semi-Finals!! Wembley2020. url 
0	I just made an instagram video of my brother singing Happy Little Pill lol
1	retweet mention : louis be like how do I slide away without hurting his feelings EМABiggestFans1D url 
1	 mention lolol IF I HAD THE MONEY, ITD BE A BIG BOOTY, BIG BOOBIE LATINA GODDESS
1	 mention mention don't know him but i've a feeling he deserved it.
1	retweet mention : How it's done! url 
0	TONIGHT --&gt; emoji to the EASTSIDE || $2 CrabLegs + $2 Wings + $2 Drinks || 2617 Panola Rd Lithonia Ga || url x9
1	Was looking forward to getting back to the house after work today and I get back and nobody is here -.-
0	 mention follow back bae?
1	Craving for pizza emoji 
0	Join us in 15 minutes for Local 15 today with mention mention mention and live reports from mention 
0	 mention think I'd prefer it that way round ..
0	retweet mention : I'll stay over here looking regular as fuck.
0	"retweet mention : photoset: Colt mention ""Naughty Pines 1"" mention mention mention url url "
1	why the fuck do people harm animals and babies/kids they're all so innocent and just love who the fuck are you to hurt them.
0	Employment » North and Central Asia (Computer/IT) Looking to serve? url calledtoserve 
0	I've gathered 140 Scrolls! Can you do better? Download to find it out! url iphone,#iphonegames,#gameinsight 
0	retweet mention : NP - SHINee - Fire - Listen at url kpop 
1	 mention you not in the gang lol
1	Tamia mad ass aint going no where emoji 
1	""" mention : Now who's following an egg!"" OMG LIAM NO HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA"
0	retweet mention : True love has arrived. TFIOS Available in the US: url url 
1	retweet mention : mention mention mention mention mention mention mention mention Good Eve Doc and all, smiley …
1	Just woke up after my midnight flight to Athens to see this Corinth Canal as the first thing of my… url 
0	 mention Lls white is a classic too
1	The sun sets over the Hill, ending a beautiful weekend. mention Libe Slope url 
0	retweet mention : Wait.. url 
0	retweet mention : Tyler is squidward part two mention mention url 
1	My poor mommy smiley 
0	retweet mention : No Type - Single by Rae Sremmurd url 
1	retweet mention : I can't believe this is Scotland in late September. Glorious. url 
0	Google me baby
0	Grow Your Online Business Using Social Media. Rignite Makes It Easy. Grow your fans, boost engagement. marketing url 
1	I give up on school and people again
1	You're such a goddamn fucking dumbass cunt.
1	Welcome to Arsenal!..Welbeck!!
1	one person followed me and 3 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by url 
0	 mention you still there? If so come to mccabes b!
0	retweet mention : Still eerily quiet in downtown Scranton.
0	retweet mention : Fire officials investigating overnight burning of MikeBrown memorial url url 
1	. mention has announced he will likely run for President in 2016. As a medical hero &amp; a personal role model, I am very excited USPoli 
1	I need some liquor up in me emoji 
1	Cheeky dig at TeamEurope from Mickelson. Oh behave Phil! url RyderCup 
0	retweet mention : Arsenal DO have a new defensive midfielder! His name's Abou Diaby, according to Wenger url 
0	 emoji mention HEY MICHAEL CLIFFORD FROM 5SOS YOU'RE MY WONDERWALL, MY SUNSHINE PLEASE FOLLOW ME emoji 121193
0	Signature of the MoU mention , Asia-Pacific Director for WALLONIA trade cooperation in the Province of Bandung url 
1	retweet mention : So fragile mention retweet kyubaby broke his lightstick aft waving it so enthusiastically then he try to fix it SO CUTE htt…
1	 mention omg I've actually just got bullied over my dad refusing to buy a car
0	Since we've been talking about beauty this week I wanted to point you in the direction of these gr8t socks for flats. url 
1	 mention mention thank you! It's very exciting! smiley 
1	retweet mention : The moment you have so much to do and so little time, that you are like: url 
1	Inching our way toward opening!! Let's hope all of the fears are laid to rest and all of the community.. url 
0	"retweet mention : ""All along the watchtower, princes kept their view."""
0	“ mention : Woow !! emoji url emoji damn
0	Sometimes it only takes one person to believe in you. url url 
1	 mention yeahh
0	retweet mention : mention in five days is the birthday of my best virtual friend mention and she wanna your follow like a…
0	 mention but I won't have too much work to do and I'm not too bad am I?
0	 mention see!! how ur brain are very important thing haha..
1	Zante at it's finest. url 
0	" mention Skim Ch. 5 topics in txt, wtch vids: Monterey: Gravitation and ""UCM"", do probs 66-71 on p. 133 in text &amp; see screencasts."
0	retweet mention : . mention start their mention campaign at home to Ludogorets Razgrad, but who are the Bulgarians? url 
0	""" mention : When I take a picture for my friend vs how they take pictures of me url wow so true"
1	retweet mention : People only fuck wit you, when it's beneficial for them.
1	Simple girl truths make being a girl so much easier! url veetvixens GirlTruths 
0	 mention This seg run I'm doing is only semi-serious anyway, so I'm not too worried over losing a few seconds here and there.
1	all of my previously mentioned greatercreator 's are making engaging content on a regular basis and all deserve more views imo
1	 snackoff has got to be my new favourite show!!
0	retweet mention : What music should I listen to while I drive?
0	retweet mention : My interview with Al Arabiya news about Indyref and Scotland's muslim community VoteYes url 
0	retweet mention : For all of you waking up early with us to watch our Good Morning America performance, you might be rewarded with news abou…
0	Hughes: No Crouch approach url 
1	Hypocrite.. that's the only I think of when I think of you. -.-
0	I need a stress reliever.
1	i dont trust no hoe
1	retweet mention : Fuck I love my header
1	Why do I have this feeling you're about to mess up my entire life?
1	Derrick will always and forever be bae emoji 
1	Happiness is mention &lt;3
1	Lol I let him win this time emoji he so happy lol
1	 emoji - your cool &amp; we talk sometimes and you &amp; ur bf are cute.
0	 mention Hi, in your intro to the Sexy Librarian's Big Book of Erotica you quote Stephen King, where's the quote from, please? smiley 
0	NF TV highlights: 'Fashion Police' honors Joan Rivers - Washington Post url 
0	 Job Monterey In Store Food Demonstrator: Seaside Product Demonstrators Needed PT weekend work Pay: $60-72 pe.. url 
0	Super Eagles will soon strike oil, team keeps drilling the depths of FIFA’s ranking: by Olorunwa Lawal The Sup.. url 
0	retweet mention : Excited to be giving away Giorgio Armani's Fall Look! Win this set! To enter, follow mention &amp; retweet url 
0	BBQ meatballs Mac nd cheese greens cornbread nd chocolate cake wit butter cream frosting for dessert SundayDinner 
0	retweet mention : Basically Tiffany took the best concepts from Hoot, Run Devil Run, The Boys, added some lace underwear, and won.
0	i sob but im not
0	 mention mention hahahahs way more than you
0	Lemme watch this TI show ..why we don't have VH1 tho?
0	 mention it would be from work to home starting next week..i start nights then so i can get to work on the bus no problem haha
0	Finns get started on my chest piece
1	My stomach hurt
0	"It True When People Say ""Everything Works Out Better When No One Knows You're Business"""
1	 mention ill hug you emoji url 
1	retweet mention : Just wanna get on a plane and get away
1	retweet mention : Totally worth the 2 seconds it takes to retweet this.. url 
0	 mention do you believe that Heaven is a place on Earth? AskJai emoji 
1	Everyone so happy this morning emoji 
1	done smiley retweet mention : Put follback:3 mention 
1	 mention aw you're so nice..
0	I'd like to have dessert for starters tell me baby can't you take my order
1	There's something magical about getting your workout done before the sun rises. 16 miles ridden and… url 
0	 mention follow me please xx 7MillionMahomies ❤ emoji ❤ emoji 52
1	 mention I hope someone attempts this emoji 
0	retweet mention : The more I coach the more I am convinced: Bad players give up. Avg players make excuses. Great players get determined
0	Shout out to people with more FY14 money than they can spend in the next 11 days.
0	Colorado CWA activist with Maggie Fox talking about Senator Udall's campaign cobootcamp url 
0	Liam, follow me please It would mean so much to me♥ I LOVE YOU SO SO MUCH mention x63
1	Avast, me hearties! bestholidayever yohoho 
1	Can't wait to get a mop chop and go back brown emoji emoji 
0	 mention that you? url 
1	I MUST have gotten super attatched to this because thats the first time thats EVER happened!!..EVER!
1	 mention MyTOURPLAY When mention jumped into the audience❤️I queued for nearly 6 hours to get this close! emoji url 
0	Coffee Shop Company at The District smiley url 
1	So tired emoji 
0	 mention too well, is this about who i think its about? emoji 
1	Getting ready for winter! ( mention Gold's Gym in Venice, CA) url 
0	If you're not at a football game tonight, you're in the WRONG PLACE. mention mention mention mention 
1	Snapchat be fucking me up . url 
0	one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by url 
0	Teen rubs his genitals on customer's pizza .. and gets his mugshot in the paper for doing it. url url 
1	 mention mention Congrats John. This is definitely a proud moment for all of us in IBM marketing - leading by inspiring, lot to learn personally
1	 mention adrianna gay af why she here?
1	 mention would you mind following me? smiley Would make me soo happy ! emoji 
0	 mention just want friends ok
0	Now you mad ?? emoji shidd ohh well .
1	 mention mention kendre you know wassup lol.
0	My face right now.. Lol url 
1	retweet mention : I need to get spoiled real quick..
0	retweet mention : Rocky Mountain Oysters. Americas first real sack lunch.
1	This game is awesomely amazing!! Love it!! Finally played the full version of it fifa15 ps4… url 
1	Class is out. emoji 
0	 mention mention First impressions are everything..
0	 mention you should write them a letter mate emoji 
0	retweet mention : Reminder: no tickets will be sold at the stadium. safaricom7s Tickets now on sale at Safaricom Shops… url 
0	 mention iMean.. u can.. kiss my bird! Get ur team in the WS so we can battle. You're welcome I'm cheering 4 ur team!
0	Rip Current Statement issued September 17 at 2:42PM EDT until September 17 at 8:00PM EDT by NWS: ..HIGH RIP C.. url 
1	Looking at my time hop makes me realize how much has changed in the last year.. emoji dangg 
1	"""Knowledge is an unending adventure at the edge of uncertainty."" ~Jacob Bronowski"
0	 url … watch this please mention mention mention PLEASE NOTICE ME;( X53&lt;3&lt;3
0	“ mention : Yass A$AP Savy emoji ” emoji 
1	 mention *bows* I'm fine sensei and you
1	 mention awe that's so sweet x emoji I'm so happy for you
0	Busy week
1	 mention no I need to pay for college butt hole
0	retweet mention : 140911 ten smrookies 텐 at Suvarnabhumi Airport BKK back to Korea url url url 
1	“Good public transport is key to social inclusion” url 
1	You call I say hello.. emoji ❤️ np 
1	So glad I got to see mention mention and mention last night! Thanks for making my day better! smiley 
1	"""I have failed you, Anakin. I have failed you."" emoji everytime DarthVader StarWars youwerethechosenone theforce "
1	A reality for many families --&gt; Parent of student with special needs weighs in on Common Core url via mention 
1	retweet mention : NashvsHayes Make sure to give the video a thumbs up emoji If you think mention should do more YouTube videos! - url 
0	Storytelling Techniques: Bios, Intros, and Doing Them Right url 
1	retweet mention : . mention on why men need more feminists like Emma Watson url (Photo: Getty) url 
1	retweet mention : retweet if ur boyfriend likes to play this cute little game where he calls u a fan, pretends that u don't exist and lives 8…
1	retweet mention : I just wanna thank you guys for being the best fans in the world. In return, I have a lot of great music coming your way re…
0	3 people followed me in the last day thanks to url app
1	 CongratulationsOn6MillionZoe love you♥
1	OMFG DID NOT KNOW HES GONNA COME TO MY SCHOOL FUCK
0	retweet mention : Finally pic is out! Siwon Elsa cupping &amp; caressing Kyu Elsa Big Boobs &amp; look like Kyu Elsa is enjoying too cr pondky htt…
0	Soviet mechanical watch Mens Vintage Pobeda by UnnaVintage url via mention 
0	retweet mention : Venue for Today's Jalsa,Many people Waiting outside they will be Allowed after 5:00PM As per Rules of Administration htt…
0	"You know its gameday when you have dreams of the ""Boise State"" chant"
0	retweet mention : GREAT PLAYERS will put the extra time in. GREAT TEAMMATES will bring other teammates with them. GREAT FRIENDS won't accept …
0	 ILoveYou1DFandom Love Cartoon Banget ? mention 
1	I'm not finna look dumb .. if I feel like I'm finna be looking stupid then my nigga your getting cut off , as simple as that.. tf?
1	I'm so over these dumb ass allergies.
1	 mention you go ahead and voice your opinion it's your life and if people are getting mad at you ignore them smiley 
1	retweet mention : I hate when you try to make mutuals with a big account but they don't follow back url 
0	Amber Rose Files For Divorce From Wiz Khalifa url via mention 
1	Scotland sucks man.
1	retweet mention : Up bright and breezy, just had brekkie with mention &amp; mention heading to the courts soon mention to get rea…
0	 mention Recluting??
0	 mention hello
1	retweet mention : Is anyone else lost on the Ray Rice thing now? I feel like I missed three episodes.
0	I posted a new photo to Facebook url 
1	retweet mention : mention i won't ok !!⭐️ emoji 
1	 mention is the best! emoji 
1	retweet mention : People gone forever talk about you .. fuck them &amp; handle up on yo business !
0	retweet mention : 'We need to apply Nicky Hager's framework when we analyse the govt response tomorrow' dirtypolitics mot 
1	retweet mention : “ mention : “ mention : LMFAO THIS DOLPHIN A REAL NIGGA LMFAO url funny
0	 mention Alr hun
1	Foles hits Maclin and he's off to the races..BUT Jason Kelce illegal block in back..didn't even need to do it. wipes out TD Eaglestalk 
1	 mention i'm dying can somebody call a doctor for me ?!
0	 mention what it look like
1	retweet mention : The Japanese pro-dolphin demonstrators showed great courage in not backing down. mention mention url 
1	 mention shut up!!
1	retweet mention : when somebody says something dumb as hell url 
1	 mention mention mention mention mention i guess..sidra already did that
0	retweet mention : mention work at Lubys again and get me some okra homes
1	retweet mention : mention emoji bruh , don't start that shit emoji 
1	Just watched hocus pocus
0	"Lol I Wanna Know "" mention : But this question :""""D "" mention : Lindowe, is Katie Safe Mara? mention """
1	retweet mention : I NEED A MASSAGE
0	"retweet mention smiley avid Cameron there, wanting to ""speak directly to the people of Scotland"", from a podium to an invited audience of Conse…"
1	""" mention : This is why I don't want a daughter. url Bruuh ✋✋ emoji Thottest girl ever man"
0	 mention I need my case
1	forgot how good Swordfish was
0	Please go and follow url 
0	“ mention : Simple yet elegant ❤️ url 
0	I've harvested 420 of food! url android, androidgames, gameinsight 
1	5 shots on target 5 goals, call it Leicester City.
1	" emoji mention emoji "" beautiful photo of you!! My birthday is tommorrow"" emoji emoji "
1	retweet mention : “ mention : mention mention Patrice said the whole crews out emoji ” Creative Academy taking over studio15 onc…
0	retweet mention : You are where you are. And you know, right now is the right time for you no matter where you are. Believe. ~ Barb / retweet…
0	 mention mention mention please mate I've rted everything
1	retweet mention : mention mention score one goal against us and two more shall appear USOC2014 HailHydra EBFG 
1	Hi my name is Dharma &amp; I have an attitude but I don't want to deal with yours
0	hot wings sound real good rn
1	I never,ever imagine that our FRIENDSHIP would end up like this..󾬒󾌯󾌸󾌸󾭘 wanted..#BESTFRIEND — feeling DOWN
1	It's really not that hard to keep something to yourself
1	"""Was taught to be a winner but I learned more from my losses"""
1	Aww poor baby
1	Seeing my dad today just made me more pissed.
1	retweet mention : WOW!! emoji So honored to have won CelebrityPersonalityoftheYear at the mention Thanks to all that voted!! Fee…
0	I can be your bestfriend, girlfriend, sister, what else, everything.
0	Choose our next figure kit! url 
0	""" mention : The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources."""
1	How tf am I fucking single ?! Am I really that ugly emoji 
1	 mention had better, yours? emoji 
1	think i'll pay the beach a visit on this beautiful day..before the sun sets.
0	 mention *Driven by need, and your encouragement, his thrusts become more demanding immediately. He grunts with effort plunging deeply~
0	National award honour for Kate url via mention 
1	. mention I have poll envy over Scotland's 85 percent turnout register2vote 
0	He’s not mine but this box belongs to him.
0	Adam Lambert to Judge 'American Idol' New York Auditions url 
1	retweet mention : What a great first practice day mention ending with a team talk from the man himself Sir Alex Ferguson. Going to bed a h…
0	VOTE mention for \'Best Southeast Asia Act\' on mention here: url lathofy mention 
0	"DM?"" mention : mention ' fine"""
0	 mention mention mention I like
1	Did you know the pen is stronger then the knife.
1	 mention proud of you for using the correct term. emoji 
1	Damn I'm bored and I have nobody to talk to.
0	 mention just call him during your break lmao!
0	 mention do you listen to Emily King too?
0	retweet mention smiley on't text and walk: China creates first no-cellphone sidewalk. url 
1	so sick of people basing their opinions of me on someone else's standpoint
0	Thanks for the follow! mention 
0	retweet mention : God's strength &gt; your weakness
0	Deleted my Facebook messenger so if you need me you have my number and if you don't have it, oh well☺️
1	 mention you're funny
0	retweet mention : Pride And Prejudice And Zombies Adds Game of Thrones' Charles Dance and Lena Headey url url 
0	retweet mention : Two of my favourite works of art smiley Xxx url 
0	“ mention : 2 gay dudes can kiss on national Tv but RG3 has to wear his shirt inside out.. url 
1	retweet mention : Fire alarms..electoral fraud..doors locked with people INSIDE the building..something doesn't add up, my friend WAS THER…
0	illusionsound x mention We live this Friday night In London emoji .. JUGGLINGXPLOSION! url 
1	retweet mention : Tomorrow is 'Wherever You Are' s Anniversary!!1!!1!! 
0	retweet mention : Plot twist! Finkle is Einhorn!
1	Damn the eagles just caught up.
1	retweet mention : I don’t wanna think like you and I don’t wanna stink like you and I wanna be me so break it down - Breakdown
0	Doing me that's where it's at emoji 
0	 mention it's not my fault I'm partially deaf atm haha..
0	“ mention : We don't stop dreaming and exploring because we grow old. We grow old because we stop dreaming and exploring.”
0	Why You Should Travel Young url 
0	 mention You realize it's Week 3 right?
1	They sent me a grocery store and pumpkins. winning 
0	retweet mention : Abu Dhabi safest emirate to live and work: UAE crime poll url 
0	Looking for a unique OOAK gift? Check out this collection! url mention bizitalk udobiz toronto craft art 
1	hopeful ☼
0	retweet mention : mention good times
1	retweet mention : Enemies Are Cool Love Ones Will Hurt You
0	retweet mention : retweet FOR A DM TO LIAM
0	 mention you forgot a dont
0	 mention Gotta stay warm somehow right?
0	When someone talks to bae.. url 
1	 mention Yes - unless the tides start going haywire smiley 
1	Farkk, the roosters pulled off something i swear!
1	the world is filled with ignorant nonsensical idiots
1	View the graphic design piece created to promote a new medicine for cancer treatment. &gt; url Cancer Design Hope 
0	Another classic. ✅
1	 mention gnight ratana
1	 mention mention mention Love textile designer Robert Stewart's wonderfully expressive face! Impressive talent + humility.
0	What can help make the 11th St Bridge Park a reality? An expanded streetcar system. url via mention 
1	retweet mention : I love mention 
1	retweet mention : I miss bae voice emoji 
1	retweet mention : I need your love I need your time When everything's wrong You make it right smiley 
1	How's the kid gonna post a collage of all these pics of himself and only one pic of the girl as if it's dedicated to her..
1	Did this kid really just ask me when the last time i had sex was?
1	Someone hit the gym w me emoji 
0	"retweet mention : Gianluigi Buffon re-touching Lionel Messi: ""I just wanted to make sure he's a human being like us."" url "
0	 mention follow back
1	 mention I don't function well in mainline churches, but there are some truly great LGBT embracing churches out there.
1	And they playing for you girl emoji 
1	“ mention : ill never kiss ass for friendship. ill never kiss ass for anything at all” nor will I eat it
1	 mention Hi Follow me please realize my dream i love u from Brazil x09
0	 mention 's account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the Twitter Media Policy. Learn more.
1	BEHAVIOR THERAPIST (Woodland Hills, CA) url 
0	Why try if others dont even put an effort back.?
0	retweet mention : somewhere between stuck on the old me and finding a new me
1	The killing of Bruce Wayne's parents just never made sense to me. Such pointless violence, still felt unreal Gotham GothamPremiere 
0	 mention 【ＲＥＴＷＥＥＴ】&amp;Please FoLLoW mention mention mention mention they FoLLowBack mention 
1	Please hug me really tight and tell me you love me. Tell me you’re glad to be here with me.
1	 mention hmm. Thanks
0	retweet mention : “ mention : This Is How To Respond To A Text From The Wrong Number! Next ⏩ url url 
1	am I? cuz it's still unread emoji 
1	retweet mention : JAPAN ! were on the cover of mention magazine if ya want it emoji mention url 
0	retweet mention : In case you missed it, I analyzed how new iPhone screen sizes will mess with your designs: url url 
1	you're all that i see , you give me everything , baby love me lights out . emoji 
1	And when she tried to sing, it sounded like a walrus giving birth to farm equipment.
1	One day , I'll be happy and all the pain that I've held onto will be gone
1	You're lying to me.. url 
1	 mention you have put a smile on my face just running for you! metricton 
1	retweet mention : Went outside today smiley url 
1	Sweet Dreams My Baby mention emoji ❤
1	Now she's chomping on her gum so loud that I can hear it from across the room. Really??
0	retweet mention : down 4 u
0	retweet mention : Wednesday calls for an exclusive clip from the 1DWWAFilm. Check out what mention has to say .. url 
0	I Got God, We Fly High, No lie. And You Know It!!
0	retweet mention : Rt if you don’t have the original charger that came with your phone url 
1	"Why not?"" mention : mention lol no"""
0	 mention ahh it's in 720p now!! it was 360p when i downloaded ;;
1	My friends are probably better than your friends.
0	retweet mention : Nginx and Server Side Includes url nginx 
1	Video: Home.. Good night emoji url 
0	Diaporama smiley oodling in class leads to game of thrones…ahah url 
0	Onu cok severiz GoDarkPassage Go
1	 mention Ticket for VyRT, my first!!
0	 mention What he said is ISIS doesn't represent Islam. George Bush said the same thing. url 
0	retweet mention : On a Wednesday. url 
1	his smile emoji url 
0	Shit got a little weird. We were definitely feeling it url 
0	retweet mention smiley o it for the love.
0	Out Now Trinidad Jame$ ( mention ) Ft. Johnny Cinco 'Late Night$' | AllUnsignedMag url 
1	We had a great time with the Map-Works Kiosk! Thank you everyone who got a chance to spin the wheel and got some great prizes! WKUMAPPED 
1	I regret downloading IOS8 big time FuckApple emoji 
0	Gotta love the loud drunk girls on the late train latecommute 
1	Go SOUNDERS!! sounders mention Toyota Stadium (Texas) url 
0	 url September 18, 2014 at 02:08AM url 
1	Bae is on point in their snapchats emoji 
0	"retweet mention : ""I Just Want To Help You.."" Skyeward AgentsofSHIELD url "
0	Rugrats is calling my name.
0	Whatever your addiction is GOD'S getting ready to remove you out of this devastation and SHIFT you into that.. url 
1	 mention because you're VIP or because they think you are retarded?
0	“ mention : mention Of what? Reggie? emoji ” shidd how I'm feeling, I'd take that too.!
0	 mention you know that song gets me hype
1	"retweet mention : "" mention : retweet mention : EunHae's wedding emoji hahahahah url "
1	I just wanna take a sec this beautiful morning to say how thankful and blessed I feel to have this man. I love you. url 
1	Off we go then. Great following from Reds fans. BFCLive url 
1	retweet mention : Emporia state is still the best decision I could have made for myself. emoji 
0	retweet mention : I'll be back into the swing of things this Friday, I'm looking forward to returning to my duvet kingdom.
1	So in my 8th period today someone decided to point out all my flaws and I was just like I'm gonna punch you in the face emoji 
1	La bitch check my Feng shui.. emoji 
0	 mention Iknow but I was happy that I wasn't driving.
0	retweet mention : Lefty magic. Valderrama. 1997. (And check out those bags!) RyderCup fever, anyone? url TBT url 
0	Record Highs? 47% Of Nasdaq Stocks In Bear Market, Down 24% On Average url homebuying 
0	He's shook
0	 mention 's account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the Twitter Media Policy. Learn more.
0	Test._.
1	Hii mention You mean WORLD to me emoji you're cute and adorable person 🆗PLEASE FOLLOW ME🆗I love you emoji x253
1	I'm so over college already. Let's fast forward life to where I'm successful.
1	Cookies would be amazing. emoji 
1	If ya face a different color then the rest of ya body then u got to much make up on emoji 
1	"retweet mention : Thursday's Daily Mirror - ""Don't leave us this way"" tomorrowspaperstoday bbcpapers indyref url "
0	You did this
0	“ mention : Any video ideas! ?”you as Jeffrey and Colleen as Miranda
1	retweet mention : GoodMorning to all the beautiful females emoji out there emoji if you Ain't heard it from nobody You heard it From Me emoji 
1	retweet mention : “ mention : So excited for mine and mention shoot tomorrow!!” emoji 
0	" mention Have a nice day my ""friend"".. sadgoodbye "
0	 mention LuLz now you got me thinking of the movie where Adam Sandler was testing the ph levels emoji 
1	retweet mention : She is too young but she has the believe this is the time when we can change the way this country has been ruled url 
1	retweet mention : When you compliment someone and they start asking questions emoji url 
1	I'm not lucky, I'm blessed!
1	retweet mention : elementary school libraries have gotten wild url 
0	retweet mention : Everyone has problems emoji ✌️
0	Well deserved by the Germans. Arsenal look so weak.
1	this freaking sucks.
0	Disruption caused by earlier vandalism btwn Glasgow Central &amp; Paisley Canal has now ended. Services are no longer affected by this problem.
1	 mention I concur with your caller now. Greet stuff from him, he must be impeached.
1	I love mention ! It's a reader's dream come true. Unlimited books on any device for $8.99/month. Sign up now. url 
0	 mention Can you get referred to a specialist? Or are you already seeing one? (You don't have to answer if you don't want to!) mention 
1	retweet mention : Out to din din with my boys emoji 
1	retweet mention : when house visits goes wrong emoji part1 url 
1	 mention lol whatever wasn’t anything u said. U responded to me
1	retweet mention : Have a really great work week! - Shane MotivationalMonday url 
1	retweet mention : mention you made my life at Lawnparties today. MarvinsRoom YAASS 
1	I heard she's easy but emoji 
1	“ mention : You walking out you coming back again cause we became the best of friends emoji ”
1	 mention Don't forget us smiley 
1	And now I want ice cream..
0	 mention fred cant see this podcast?
0	 mention what time? I'm leaving at 430 Ishh
1	""" mention smiley escription of me url literally us mention emoji "
1	I don't want you like this.
1	 mention feeling sick smiley 
0	Hi mention ! Can you follow this angel mention ? You're his SUNSHINE ! She loves you more than anything ! xx2
0	retweet mention : Every girl deserves an Adam &amp; every boy deserves an Eve. May this day lead you to the One-Your Rib Specimen! url 
1	 mention mention mention mention we might be close ,you never know emoji 
0	Get 1/2 off mix tape placement by XsquadDJs mention today by submitting your video to us for placement!! url 
0	God is not looking for spiritual giants, He's looking for ordinary people who have lost all confidence in their flesh. 1Corinthians 1:26-29
0	YESS AMAN
1	 emoji Michael Clifford from 5sos My birthday is in 4 days, please follow me before then. mention emoji x538
0	Love And Hip Hop Hollwood emoji Some Cold Chicks Already On Here emoji 
0	"retweet mention : *hits blunt* ""so if the earth is a huge sphere, is ball really life?"" url "
1	retweet mention : mention we have come a long way. Love u . Thanks for believing in me url 
0	Enigma foundation cream go fast is straight a foyer occasion: lMSYZqRY
1	Noo! My second-favorite local Chinese place with a penis nickname in it shut down : smiley ( RIPDongFang 
0	 Geointernational : The Nation is Calling for 3D Data – via the USGS: TweetThis from the USGS… The 3.. url GIS GEO 
1	Remnants is a really nice word
0	Need some work this weekend in Denver? url url 
1	 mention good night!
0	 mention mention mention Conover know your priorities , garage band or die
0	 mention I hear you man. I've bin singing this song. Mediocrity is like Mastercard, accepted everywhere.
0	[STL Post: Business] Tim Hortons picks Maplewood for first of 40 local restaurants url 
1	Hate being that dude in class that coughs Sorry 
1	""" mention : Never give up on someone who means so much to you."""
1	 mention mention mention lmao I meant it as in I've not had it in awhile douchers.
0	Gordon Brown's Speech on Independence url VoteNo indyref 
0	Mili that's my brother
0	retweet mention : My mom said I could be anything I want when I grow up. So I became the guy that looks down your shirt every time you bend…
1	retweet mention : mention dont give up aug we know you can pull through
1	retweet mention : It's official - mention just stole the hearts of everyone in this room wedonthateit iHeartRadio directioners http…
1	I'm really mad and angry and hurt all at the same time right now.
0	Ma Retweets &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; emoji 
1	retweet mention : mention - thus inspiring me to do the same and make people laugh!
0	Is been so long Is been so long
0	retweet mention : Flight (Dove) in a new production and the first professional London production of the opera.
1	 emoji retweet mention smiley ominos for dinner emoji .. I gotta start cooking more
0	Although you're confident that your plans will come true, you .. More for Capricorn url 
1	retweet mention : I hate seeing my friends sad over niggas like no you're too pretty for this .
1	Any other day I would play it cool, but I can't now. Because I want you.
1	I will always know something before it actually comes out.
0	retweet mention : FisherPrice Laugh &amp; Learn Smart Stages Laptop: an interactive laptop where baby can press keys to hear songs and phrases …
1	To my eye, women get sexier around 35. They know a thing or two, and knowledge is always alluring. -Pierce Br url 
0	 mention Mark Twain said he never let his schooling interfere with his education.
0	retweet mention : Ohio State’s J.T. Barrett collects two weekly Big Ten awards url 
1	Cannot answer DMs for some reason. Will reach back out to you when I can DM again. Email is papatalpha mention .com
1	retweet mention : . mention wild horses driven to extinction 4 fracking which will cause human extinction too ! WarOnWildHorses 
0	retweet mention : Young mantis shrimp camouflage themselves by using reflectors that give off opalescent blue-green light url 
0	retweet mention : When does the iPhone 7 come out?
0	Just be thankful your mom isn't as bad as these are. url 
0	 lab14: mention 's Cecilia Wong ( lyonscommission) writes 4 mention on planning in China url &lt; mention 
1	Don't Wanna Be Spoken To By The Looks Of It
0	Whoever exalts himself will be humbled, and whoever humbles himself will be exalted. (Matthew 23:12)
1	I'll give u that retweet mention : mention mention the ass is in a league all by itself but this is sexy as fuck too url 
1	 mention my dads blind &amp; cant afford travel 2 life saving dialysis plz hlp.FullStory here url dollarsfordialysis 
1	 mention The Struggle between light &amp; darkness needs No Referendum. Set Biafra free from ‘Nigeria’.
0	Sorry im not better looking.
0	*waiting till Amber and Graham are dating*
0	 mention I was like..who is Sean McGuire.
1	Check out my classic car in CSRClassics for iOS! It's FREE! url url 
1	Fuck you Apple
0	Hoola
0	 mention mention Have u heard of swiss rolls?
0	Spammin' like a boss EMABiggestFans1D 
1	India's mars mission costs 7 ruppes per km, that is as much as taking the bus in an Indian city, says Mukesh Ambani at MakeinIndia launch.
1	retweet mention : Caught on camera: Man uses banana to rob store clerk --&gt; url url 
0	Who remembers Bed Room Boom x Ying Yang Twins x Avant &gt; yes lawd lol emoji 
1	Ideal Mechanical Advantage
0	Ryan Gosling Is Now a Father, as Eva Mendes Gives Birth to Baby Girl | Vanity Fair url NEVER BEEN SO SAD.
1	retweet mention : He who carefully unties Agege Bread in the presence of ewa goin is a gentle man ~ Patience Jonathan
0	tweet me a link to a tweet you'd like me to retweet and i will do it ok bye
0	The idea up sign up for specialist database old master out-group considering tactical aristocracy site yet.. url 
0	retweet mention : when u singin in the shower and U2 comes on url 
1	retweet mention : mention Dear All, nice meeting today at M'bahiakro. Strong mobilization. Here with first lady mention url 
1	 mention Loved the magic. Took my breath away. Sensational
1	Okay so my biology exam wasn't that bad, I mean I didn't ace it but I think I did alright lol
1	"retweet mention : Scunthorpe chairman Peter Swann: ""If this is a blip, prove it!"" Full statement here: url "
1	Just spent 4 hours with a well-respected educator. Refreshing, energy-giving, productive time together. Education is an amazing career.
1	Finished! Blueberry glazed mini cronuts url 
0	 mention are you in Millbrae now?
1	 mention I'm so tired omg. I hope you're having a good night, babe emoji 
0	 mention mention oi anniely
0	kojima is pulling a call of duty DiamondDoge url 
1	Now that I just ordered my Misfits bracelets its time to go back to me bing watching mention 
0	 mention you're not wrong.
1	retweet mention smiley on't take for granted the people in your life. They won't always be here.
0	"""Snowflake"""
0	 mention startup repair usually works after a loong time
1	retweet mention : BreakingNews Turkish president says no ransom paid for release of hostages held by IS url 
1	retweet mention : Happy birthday mention 3umrii emoji 
0	Contributed Tweets for mention are delivered by mention url 
0	Mowning
0	 mention Africans Loot and Destroy Ebola Clinic url … url 
0	retweet mention : Grab a tissue for this sentimental sneak peek at mention 's Wedding episode feat. Jamie &amp; Murtagh: url 
1	I feel so lazy today
0	 mention retweet philosophy Sat 11th Oct mention No:65 Vauxhall. free Promo mix by DJ NG &gt; url url 
1	retweet mention : I hate havin crushes
0	I need some headphones so I can blast no type to class
1	Can't wait till the weekend.
0	 mention mention He's gonna pass for 212 and rush for 84
0	"REPOST FROM mention : ""Tonight, everybody make plans to meet TheMatrikksProduction and… url "
1	Watching teen titans now yass
0	 Unocoin Bitcoin rates: Buy mention 26847 INR | Sell mention 25727 INR India Bitcoins IndiaBitcoin 
1	retweet mention : We ALL have school friends , that we only talk to IN SCHOOL emoji 
0	"retweet mention : ""I understand what the mention are doing. If it was me he'd be sitting."" - mention url "
0	retweet mention smiley eep take on society. (cc: mention mention ) url 
1	""" mention : love bun url "
1	Turned down free ice cream in the student center.. whatswrongwithme selfcontrol 
0	 mention forreal?
0	You heard mention ! All of the stations should have ChasinAfterYou now! They will probably listen to us so promote! smiley 
1	I allowed myself to stay up this late because I found out my morning class was cancelled
1	Finna get back on my writing game emoji ballislife 
0	Spain: Arabic to be offered as third and native language in Catalunya's high schools url [ mention ]
1	 mention It's a good line up this semester smiley Sad it's only 1/month but the semesters are hard.
0	""" mention : [Fancam] 140921 EXO - Talk+CHEN's Birthday url ^^ """
0	New promotion on my Etsy!! url This goes for custom request too! And share if you like this :3 url 
0	Taco Bell should deliver to my house..
0	retweet mention : 6 keys to a relationship ✓ Friendship ✓ Freedom ✓ Honesty ✓ Trust ✓ Understanding ✓ Communication
1	 mention This is why we hire handymen now. Nearly get into a fistfight over the smallest DIY projects.
0	"""I had different names. I had different personalities,"" "" mention : Agent Storm: Inside al Qaeda for the CIA - CNN url "
1	I hate it when autocorrect doesn't do its job
0	New post in my blog, instalook instadaily instamoment fashion summer dress style streetstyle… url 
0	retweet mention : Fine-Victorian-Ruby-3-carat-Aquamarine-seed-Pearl-Art-Nouveau-15k-gold-pendant url 
1	 mention very funny fatass emoji 
0	But my mama need the rest more than me so I'll go
0	Baby and children's yoga classes in plymouth with Tatty Bumpkin follow us mention littleoneshour url 
1	retweet mention : Yes yes yes!! AA Welsh pub of the year 2014-15 so bloody happy url 
0	Nee partha - Hey Ram
1	Seven days without chapel makes one feeble. url 
1	retweet mention : If Jagr has his way, he'll play for at least 8 more years: 'I want to play until (I'm) 50'. url url 
1	Just had the girthiest bfast burrito
1	 mention haha you weirdo go to sleep
1	retweet mention : Reci had blue bubbles, I love her, and I'm her cinnamon apple. So, yea..
1	Everyone isn't going to love you, most people can't even love themselves loveyou 
0	 mention how was your experience of meeting her again
0	I posted a new photo to Facebook url 
0	retweet perfectotps: Liam and Annie url 
1	 mention mention that's only 1 though, I NEED MORE
1	 emoji it's not even winter yet and I'm sick. ..well nvm idk Wht it is
1	retweet mention : What emoji url 
0	 mention you say that like it's a bad thing
1	retweet mention : emoji “ mention : No nigga worth my time and attention no more. These niggas so fake, they'll fool you and do it again.”
0	 mention English-German Vocabulary Trainer url 
0	 mention Yeah, just in time for me to visit. The Texas weather got there before me. :/
1	retweet mention : I wish i can have you with the past condition.
1	 mention Goodnight, Andrew ☺
0	Who produces music videos in Montreal? musicvideos mtl producers artists 
1	Pictures capture best moments in life emoji url 
1	retweet mention : Tired of temporary forevers
0	Leo BeautyScopes for September 15, 2014: By the time the sun's down, your flirtation skills are way up. Nothing.. url 
0	 mention : hey it could be worse, from my balcony the further I see is the hotel down the road. :P
1	My granny always talking shit . Like please hair tf up
0	 mention What's ur fav band? gfchat 
1	 mention thats fine sweetie. Thank you so much. Good luck for you too emoji 
1	Embrace the Martian.
0	retweet mention : New WP8.1 firmware update brings Static IP support url 
1	 mention always killin it. It's Flex Washington
1	my dad's gf's son is the cutest thing in the entire world
0	 url url url Again and Again
1	 mention Hi, it's really good to have you following!
1	retweet mention : Oops baby Daniels caught on url 
0	 mention ohh lool shame that's wat I get for being a peeping prudence at night emoji 
0	You may be operating under the illusion that whatever you crea.. More for Libra url 
0	retweet mention : Everyday be pushing towards something work risengrind 
0	retweet mention : Inspired by mention to keep telling everyone that brettanomyces does not sour beer. All-Brett beers are not sour. Bacter…
0	I've gathered 16 Scrolls! Can you do better? Download to find it out! url ipad, ipadgames, gameinsight 
1	retweet mention : Congrats Scooter doing big things. Checkout Scorpion on CBS tonight url 
0	retweet mention : Holly Shoot!! It is LEGIT!! 2NE1Hotel in Busan !! url 
1	""" mention : 10 RTs and I'll leak londyns nudes"" you aint shit ."
1	 mention I hope you break your legs
1	"i was making homework but then i yelled ""no what the fuck"" and started up my laptop"
1	“ mention : Nugg milkshake drinking ass emoji ” I just seen that boy
0	 mention can you please follow me♡ I'll follow back
1	Just finished season 3 (again) of Scandal I'm ready for next week!
0	 mention mention It sure is! emoji 
1	I'll hold you downn
0	retweet mention : Over to the Count in Glasgow.. ScotlandDecides url 
0	Was the bush as big as her bush m8 ??
0	All Night (Cash Cash Radio Edit) by Icona Pop — url 
1	Jesus never seen so many penalties! !
0	retweet mention : Sprint car driver Scott Semmelmann killed in wreck during practice at Wisconsin dirt track
1	Eyes are captivatingly beautiful. Not because of their colour, but because of the words they hold within them. emoji 
0	"♥ ""Rude [Zedd Remix]"" by Magic! on mention ♫ url "
1	retweet mention : he looks so happy i cant rn url 
1	retweet mention : This one's for you, EagleNation. FlyEaglesFly url 
0	A YouTube Movie Is Headed To Theaters Soon. But Don't Expect This To Be A Trend url url 
1	Perfection! fishseddynyc url 
0	Whitesmoke annotator abbreviation: PrSciJtw url 
1	What I'm looking for, I still can't find
0	Do you bother somaj your parents at night Olaf? olafquestion mention 
0	"Take a second and ask yourself ""is this really what I want?"""
0	 mention it's not final bby, I'm trying to figure out what I want to do haha
1	"It only took me 16 years to get my hand writing ""decent"" emoji "
1	 mention omfg you're so sweet and lucky
1	Bow down bitches.
1	retweet mention : May all your accidents be non-life threatening and only mildly humiliating.
1	Shout out mention you're the real MVP ✊ emoji Algebruhh2 
0	retweet mention : Oh Joey.. Friends20thanniversary Friends Friends20th url url 
0	retweet mention : IM SOBBING OUAT IN 3 DAYS
0	 mention Hey can you please retweet this? Its to win derpcon tickets ily xx url 
0	retweet mention : Why Kevin Hart destroy this man life tho emoji url 
1	 mention mention Excuse me, 40MM AIRSOFT? That sounds fantastically dangerous.
1	retweet mention : [CAP] Donghae, Dony and Bie liked Dara's post on Instagram ^_^ url 
1	"“ mention : ""Sometimes it gets so bad you just have to write ""sorry"" at the bottom of your math test."" - Auburn Universty”"
1	retweet mention : Bobby Shmurda stay turnt emoji lol url 
0	Intentional Acts of Kindness Challenge smiley ay 11: url via mention 
0	retweet mention : The Scots aren't alone. Here, a map of the most important independence movements in EU. url url 
0	Great time to be in Jax mention mention mention Sports-related employment on the rise in Jacksonville url 
1	 mention mention I salute you all in Scotland! Go and enjoy our victory my brothers and sisters.
0	i miss being ringo sometimes omfg
0	retweet mention mention adding to the list of tools: meetups, hackathons, biz plan competitions and app contests CompCorpChat 
0	A Sonic Ping on mention ’s artist Q&amp;A for their upcoming issue.. url FeelingFarOutAndFunky.. url 
0	uh saw ghostbusters at griffith observatory
1	Play arguments nd fights wit baee be having me blushing so hard emoji 
0	Players out of the tunnel.. EPL 
1	We cannot catch a break even with that bounce
1	retweet mention : Thanks for the RTs! mention mention Bodie ghost town, Ca: url url 
1	"""Netflix's Chaos Engineering Should Be Mandatory—Everywhere - ReadWrite"" url "
1	Lost footage my lil snow bunny url 
1	retweet mention : India's Mangalyaan enters the Mars orbit. Congrats to the mention team for this amazing achievement. Proud of you. Jai …
1	retweet mention : Its a FashionPolice marathon on E JoanRivers JoanRangers So funny. Check it out
1	retweet mention : People will smile right in your face &amp; shake your hand but when you turn around emoji 
1	finally it's all sorted I will going to Birmingham to see the script on tour with my mum and queefy mention NoSoundWithoutSilence 
1	Fuck That Game 
1	retweet mention : Twitter is strange. url 
1	retweet mention : I drop my phone at least 3 times a day, I'm so damn clumsy emoji 
1	 mention Cody + Lyft = BFFs smiley 
1	 mention mention We love you guys and appreciate your hard work on mention , on behalf of everyone stuck in the Viper room! &lt;3
0	"""We're excited to announce that SocialHeart has been selected as a benefactor at the Halls Bridge Week! Shop at.. url "
0	 mention no, I have a nexus 4
1	 mention YES KELLZ I WISH I COULD retweet IT BUT I LOVE YOU MISS YOU
0	retweet mention : mention What School Yu Go Too
0	 emoji Go buy tickets for the FamTour In Nashville emoji url famtournashville followmehayes x12
1	retweet mention : sweet yellow bone think I call ha honey mustard! emoji 
1	Beautifull..retweet mention : url 
0	“ mention : How to listen to music in class url mention saved your life
0	retweet mention : i wish i was a kardashian
0	 mention follow me pleasee ily emoji 42
0	 mention lool can you imagine
1	retweet mention : Crazy 5 emoji mention mention mention mention .. weloveus emoji url 
1	retweet mention : You're all I want.
1	""" Hopes for the future..? Yes. However , getting there with you..is not much different than being alone..!"""
1	Irish Senator has been vision impaired since birth – but it hasn’t stopped him from reaching his goals, url 
0	i cant believe mickey mouse had sex with shadow the hedgehog
1	Blew a stranger is his hotel room.. ♫and then I don't feel so bad.
1	♥♡♥♡♥ mention You don't know me I know you Please follow me 'Cause I love you ♥♡♥♡♥ x2.089
0	retweet mention : How many retweet's for soaked Niall? EMABiggestFans1D url 
1	 mention great. emoji 
0	incline, decline and flat press and flyes get'cha real icey..
0	retweet mention : Chief will never make music like gucci TrapGod 
1	Good Morning Facebook!! After you take your Selfie with our staff, email it to mskudlarek mention .com . We.. url 
1	I'm really hoping something good happens between us.
0	10 30 PM BULLETIN 18 09 2014 url 
1	Bee different emoji url 
0	one person followed me // automatically checked by url 
0	Parley the most recent field of study wiretapping products in passage to guard thine taint: BYopM url 
0	Copyright for Educators url edtech EdApp teaching2030 ecetech mlearning 
0	retweet mention : Alan Thomas hired me, Christian Smith fired me - mention loves me! WXM150 Commercial url 
1	 mention Ohh you little beauty!! mangagenius 
0	"""And it was the touch of the imperfect upon the would-be perfect that gave the sweetness.."" -Thomas Hardy url "
1	R.I.P. To my trig grade wtfisthisshit 
0	retweet mention : Nice Linux trick to recover, via /proc, a deleted executable from the FS but still running in memory (vía mention ) url 
0	I need to find a friend that shares my affinity for old cheesy Kung Fu movies
0	retweet mention : mention Oh Sasha,u r dressing in a CoolAndCasual way dese days&amp;looking EaseAndComfortable vit d style Likes url 
0	 mention bosen io
1	 mention next Thing They'l Evn Advise Booze By using Kids sippin some savanna dark mayb lol
0	retweet mention : Let me get this straight.. bettertogether are holding their anti-independence rally this evening in..London, England. i… 
0	"Video drones Ramstein ""Making the Invisible Visible"" mention , architects and artists reconstruct drone strike url "
1	"""When we get isolated we can tend to feel like everything depends on me."" mention bettertogether iLead "
0	Halifax for New Year's? Could be an interesting idea
0	Keep talking shit, sweet pea. I'm over here chillin'. emoji 
0	retweet mention : The Literary Lunch Blog Anniversary Competition is open to non-UK residents. Some great entries, hoping for lots more h…
1	You know it's gonna be a great day when you get away with leggings
1	retweet mention : this mention piece features WholeNovels community! mention mention mention mention mention url 
0	 mention true smiley 
0	New Job Posted: Labor &amp; Delivery Nurse – (LD RN smiley American Mobile Healthcare require a “Labor &amp; .. url JobsInDenver 
0	retweet mention : Terrorism craves an audience and we are playing into Islamic State’s hands by watching. url Absolutely!
1	The fam. is the reason why I want to study far from LA. . .
1	retweet mention : Some of the best things in life appear when you least expect them. Oola 
0	Study shows a conscientious partner enhances work-life balance among other career-related and personal benefits.. url 
1	Ohh! They did chop her arm off DemAgents 
1	MOM successfully enters Martial Orbit.. Proud Moment.. isro india url 
1	retweet mention : mention NEW VIDEO!! Big Diamond - Back To Me (Official Video smiley url 
1	I wanna go home already and I didn't even get to school yet emoji 
1	 mention mention mention How are you enjoying PSho? I know you kinda like Shab, but I wasn't sure how much you were playing him
0	retweet mention : We care for the ones who don't care. and we don't care about who do.
0	Sometimey mf
1	I hate class
1	 mention also,as a survivor, i am key note speaker for mt 1st time and 2 have ur support means a lot 2 me Pls consider n advise xo
1	 mention mention shii!!
1	imagine if ones prego or something smh, fuuck, the questions.
1	retweet mention : IndiansTwitter tonight. emoji url 
0	retweet mention : I listen to the first 30 seconds of an accidental butt-dial like I'm in an FBI van.
1	retweet mention : mention lol I'll believe that when benzino get a neck
0	retweet mention : mention and 50 bags under your eyes for only $30!!
1	 mention mention thank you, and he has a huge one two, your sweet
1	Forreal shits sad lol mention 
1	 mention love from France!
1	Happy birthday url 
1	Nothing says Fall like Chicken &amp; Dumplings! C/O my recipe on this comfort food. Follow my blog. ww.. - url 
1	""" mention : mention ima put u on da pretty face challenge""lmaO fuc u"
0	 mention What the Hell! “ mention : Worst designed garment of clothing in the history of the human race: url 
1	 mention Aww you're very welcome sweetie! smiley 
1	""" mention : I'm the hottest jus being honest REMEMBERMYNAME"" "
0	retweet mention : This is how Japan's docomo pimps the iPhone6. They're on that AOL/DELL 1990s level shit! lol url 
0	retweet mention : Niggas be like url 
0	 mention emoji who messing with you?
0	ISU is 1-0 in five set matches this year. ISU defeated IUPUI on Sept. 9 in five on the road.
0	This lil verse will get u naked
0	The time is 3:32 PM
1	That's something different emoji 
1	MY FAVE PAGE url 
1	Graduation is in 102 days..i got this emoji ✈️
1	At one time I went there, but I don't want to stay there..
0	 mention I was Senior IT Support Tech at Trinity Mirror Regionals by the way
0	 mention I guess it's been forever since I've watched it. Forgot about the whole Stringer Bell, economics relationship in the show.
1	Should I go? Should I stay? Nobody knows..
1	I'm a goof omg
1	Nothing lasts forever ..
0	 mention done, your turn on first acc on my bio or I'll unf
1	Nick Jonas emoji he grew up like no other emoji 
1	Good Morning emoji 
1	You have to open kids up to the world so their imagination to soar. Show them it's possible! Give them hope.
1	 mention mention emoji When the blunt finally makes it to you in the rotation.. url 
1	 mention That's that shit, huh? lol
0	retweet mention : *hits blunt* If a liar confesses to being a liar, are they telling the truth? url 
0	 mention mention mention seriously?
0	Charity Commission Publishes Operational Compliance Report Into Creed Street Theatre %26 url - By mention 
1	Wrote a somewhat successful critical analysis essay very last minute. DoinMe 
0	Good morniZzz!
1	My stomach hurts.
0	 Playing Hollies - If I Needed Someone on Classic Hits Uk - The Station With The Heart Of Gold at url 
0	 mention yess glad you've finally seen the light ! That chick is wack !
1	 mention I'd still keep it instead n not like it ll count
1	The Robbins Nest Wine Bar &amp; Bistro url Santa_Ana Brain storming and sipping on champagne. url 
1	If Derrick doesn't win I'm covering my television in ketchup and feeding it to the wolves BB16Finale DerrickSlays 
0	 mention What is your favorite part about going on tour? 5HMissesYou 32x
1	retweet mention : Go on a drive with me, somewhere far away emoji ✨ emoji 
0	 mention mine from 3k to 1k deleted like around 10 apps emoji 
1	retweet mention : You gotta let her know she's important atleast once a day or some other nigga gonna do it and probably steal ya bitch usin…
1	 mention *sees you smiling* hey son *sees you standing tall*
1	" mention ""cries harder"""
1	 mention Enjoy it! x
1	Tampa Bay makes me happier to be a Chiefs fan.
1	the michael and sam pepper snapchat goodbye im about to die of liver failure tell my mother i love her..
1	retweet mention : Sad weekdays, sad weekends. Try to be optimistic, but realistic. Know we should win, lose yet again LifeAsANewcastleF… 
0	((i havent heard american idiot yet either that's next))
1	There's basically 15 pictures of my sister for every 1 picture of me but my parents still claim she's not the favorite secretsout caught 
0	"Vet says Gordo the dog is a ""rock star"" and doing well after surgery. Gordo was hit last night during a South LA pursuit."
1	I hate when he talks like that
0	retweet mention : I literally can only care about something 100% or not at all. I have yet to find a middle ground.
0	retweet mention : I just killed a man for using a leafblower.
1	eating fluff mention 10:58 mention night is my religion
1	 mention mention mention Can't wait to read this one all the way through. I'd like to meet this feathered crew.
0	retweet mention : Check out mention on mention url 
1	retweet mention : I should go to sleep lol emoji 
1	retweet mention : Good Morning. Another fine day to defend our president. p2 url 
1	retweet mention : atleast liam talks about whatever rumors is going on niall leaves us here tryna guess
1	retweet mention : My socks are the best emoji url 
0	It's like watching the SuperBowl all over again.. Smh
1	retweet mention : Gutted about the result, was such a tough game to come on in to.. Definitely take 10 points out of 15 though! Support wa…
1	retweet mention : I like those people you can joke around with and then have a deep conversation with.
0	 mention mention what is true?
1	 mention then it should be a decent movie for you to see. emoji 
1	retweet mention : wow our fans are vats zapennin ! you guys are amazing ! smiley x
1	Waking up this early should be illegal
1	Free all dem real niggaz behind that wall
1	 mention mention mention riight *says sarcastically*
0	retweet mention : You may cry after watching the Derek Jeter mention ad: url url 
0	If I had a dollar for every time this happened when my phone dropped, I would be able to buy an iPhone itssadiknow url 
1	retweet mention : I have decided to run for Parliament cos I am determined no private health doctor will ever hand you a bill like this …
0	retweet mention : mention .. Pediatric Brain Cancer Research needs your help .. PLS retweet .. 855-RUN-JACK TakeAStand 
1	retweet mention : I don't understand our conversations sometimes mention url 
1	I wanna eat fufu and sleep
0	I wanna be mention 's life alert, so I can pick him up when he falls down.
1	 mention great photography rossco theduke 
0	 mention I just updated mine too ! emoji 
0	retweet mention : VIDEO: A young mention fan throws a ball back onto the field and his parents can't believe it url htt…
0	retweet mention : Florida State announces Jameis Winston is now suspended for the entire game vs. Clemson url 
1	In all your ways acknowledge him, and he will make your paths straight. -Proverbs 3:6
0	$ mention Supplier wedges flatshoes jakarta, mulai 50rb :236e6065 instagram: rumahwedges url 
0	 mention Thanks! Hoping to make a few RL converts on Saturday - I'll be talking briefly before the symphony url 
0	Cordell Lapine fb url 
0	 Thinking: “He who has a WHY to live can bear with almost any HOW.”-F. Nietzsche
0	Kush &amp; LilSnupe till I k.o
0	 mention one day
1	And they think all the guys like them..
0	 mention mention definitely!! url 
0	"retweet mention : “ mention : ""Female Intuition"" url majority shareholder emoji "
1	retweet mention : Tiff already hit the 500k followers mark! Congrats~ url 
0	 Charlotte Job Java Developer With CLS Implementation Experience: Charlotte Synechron on behalf of our client.. url 
1	 mention haha it's cool yeah I got it I'm about to start it too it's p 48-49 middle ground wars
1	 mention put CashKidd, on That Detroit Remix and that shit GreenGuy Webbie is cold
1	retweet mention : “ mention : Excited about my new watch! url Sleek..
1	"retweet mention : ""Fecking fog, ruining everything."" parklife url "
0	"""Shopping for Flair? The Moto X Smartphone Fits the Bill"" by MOLLY WOOD via NYT url url "
0	retweet mention : The new SilentHills concept trailer reaffirms my suspicions that this will be the scariest game ever created url 
0	I really hope they don't lose this year
1	My Face smiley url 
0	Adequate rotation policy by Allegri.. though I wanted to see Morata start for a change
0	retweet mention : 140830 Youngmin at Shinchon M2U Records Fansign Event (cr.Be My Boy) url 
1	retweet mention : Your eyes is heavenly beautiful. emoji 
1	done with insomniac events tbh. shit's way overpriced and u don't even get what u pay for.
1	I hope it rains so nobody go to the game.
1	retweet mention : A bullshitters guide to freshers week: url url 
1	 mention trippy shit manee emoji 
0	 mention gmfu lol
1	Vaccine injury only has to happen once. Then everything changes. hearthiswell 
0	 mention mention mention mention hench as
1	Now this is amazing dogroadies marshall puppies url 
1	 mention my girlfriend is so pretty smiley 
0	retweet mention : MESSAGE TO OUR GENERATION url 
1	retweet mention : i love waking up to good morning texts url 
1	"retweet mention : "" mention : I just gotta accept the fact that things aren't gona be the same anymore"""
1	 mention c'mon over!! emoji 
1	If Im not mistaking, from what I just seeing on Twitter, I'm guessing she was talking bout him, emoji , they was just subtweeting.
1	Even my mom knows this makes me think of you emoji itoldher 
1	waking up to a black haired luhan smiley 
1	Miah crazy bruh emoji 
0	"I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album ""Borlotti Beans"" url "
1	HAPPY BIRTHDAY MEALS!!☺️ emoji miss yaa!☺️ mention 
1	retweet mention : Layin in the yard looking up at the stars is my all time favorite thing to do.
0	 mention retweet&amp;Please FoLLoW&gt; mention mention mention mention mention mention they FollowBack!
0	retweet mention : Well then.. url 
1	Why are we friends with nicole emoji url 
0	retweet mention : When you in your own lane you dont have to worry about traffic !
1	ed's voice makes me wanna cry he's an angel
1	Forroo!
0	 mention isn't about degree most its about wisdom u have and impact u do to you're people
0	Yesterday, my heater and my hearted blanket were at the hottest it could go. Today? My fan is on and I'm sweating. NewZealandProbs 
0	retweet mention : . mention is writing to all Scottish MPs asking for their commitment not to vote on English matters indyref url 
0	 USA News: Pennsylvania suspect in police killing belonged to 'military simulation unit': S.. url via . mention 
1	I'm lowkey hoping my teacher don't show up for this class emoji 
1	 mention I think what you guys are doing is really interesting. I'd like to help. I think this will be awesome in Asia!
0	 mention mention Thanks Kate! I'm racing outside Sacramento in 2 weeks..any chance of seeing you?!
0	 mention check la
1	I'm not fucking happy.
0	Sneak a peek at Constructing Us by C.J. Lake and enter to win a 50$ gift card! mention url 
1	 mention disgusting
0	SHOP NOW!
0	 mention ahh shit bitch i seen u emoji 
1	 mention That's a better lead in.
0	I found Knight’s Bridle in The Tribez &amp; Castlez for Android. url androidgames,#gameinsight 
1	retweet mention : Annoyed with everything &amp; everybody..
0	Been chef curry wit da pot boy
0	Friday fun fact: The US plays host to about 70 million foreign visitors each year.
0	 mention do you still get fav alerts? smiley 
0	"Loolz.. I'm kidding hey. How old are you? "" mention : mention spoiled goods emoji """
1	PSA: Never be afraid to be OneOfAKind url 
1	retweet mention : “ mention : Tired of being single”
0	I posted a new photo to Facebook url 
0	Elizebeth Lemonier fb url 
1	 mention Haha, sounds like you're all set!
1	Now accepting bestfriend applications since mine is deciding to leave me for almost two months.. emoji 
1	 mention Thank you, sir smiley 
0	Untitled url 
1	Are y'all havin a great day cause I am!!
1	When you feel my heat, look into my eyes, it's where my demons hide url 
0	Warning out of threshold rate USDCZK = 21.2925|max = 20|min = 19
0	retweet mention : The last tweet goes to mention Good night TWUGs emoji 
0	Hey mention im at youre restaurant can you tweet me a coupon
0	End-customers are seeking goods from variety of sources demanding a flexible supply chain. What's next in logistics? url 
0	retweet mention : Must be productive. Must be productive. Ignore the Zankie feels. url 
1	 mention cause they obviously don't want a real penis
1	Iont feel good but my trigger happy !! emoji 
1	retweet mention : Jimmy Kimmel Proves That People At Fashion Week Are Full Of Sh*t (Video) url cc mention mention …
1	 mention babe why oh my god smiley ( i'm so so so sorry emoji 
0	 mention mention Ohh Yeah ?
1	retweet mention : mention OH MY GOD I MISSED YOU HOLY BALLS
0	retweet mention : No tear gas. No lathi charges. No trolls accusing everyone of being on the take. Not sure Scotland is ready for independence ye…
1	I just sent Chuck Grant an email emoji 
1	Wow. Just our luck.
1	If he's suspended the whole game, he should of been in the locker room or at home watching the game. Not on the sidelines
0	How long its gonna take u? url 
1	 mention Jesus would steal crab legs? Or get on a table and say what he said? C'mon man.
0	Neymar Jr.'s eyes [Official] - YouTube url Answerz FastReach 
0	retweet mention : Five diamond thieves arrested at Hong Kong gem fair url url 
1	 mention your hot
1	 mention mention mention Thank you smiley )
1	I am not afraid, this way that attack me♪♪
0	retweet mention : retweet if you support the Ateneo Blue Eagles UAAP77 url 
1	WTF?? since when do you pay for a company uniform?? it's not your own casual clothes its a company uniform!!
1	This is so true! smiley url 
1	Well isnt that the pot calling the kettle black emoji 
1	Art show called off after protests url 
0	"Steve Machin presents ""The Changing Returns to Crime: Do Criminals Respond to Prices?"" uclecrd "
1	u don't Want no trouble trouble or u can get the fist knuckle knuckle mention mention MTM FWM
1	 mention mention I don't think I want to know
0	DONG DONG
1	today gone be a good one
0	Checkpoint: Belligerent Cop Goes BALLISTIC on Man for Exercising His Rights smiley RyanTaylor) - This cop loses his.. url 
0	 mention mention sorry luvie you need to woo me xx like Claire did . Tell me how lovely i am etc etc
0	 mention mention kaya siguro 0 coz they couldn't figure out how to vote.
1	Love is an open door~
0	Listening Post: A White House Position That Stands on a Narrow Definition of War url via nytimes
0	retweet mention : hi friends! mention donated 5k to our charity campaign &amp; will donate 5k more if my profile gets to the 1 spot on their …
1	I didn't make that name up. It just came across my desk emoji 
1	Sitting on a massage chair in work easylife emoji 
0	retweet mention : Not trying to be better than anyone other than the person I saw in the mirror yesterday.
0	nigga like a sour patch kid sour then sweet url 
0	 mention for VintageFrames by Corey Shapiro Preview mention url url 
1	retweet mention smiley iversity in greeting cards is the perfect measure of societal progress: url 
1	“ mention : mention sounds lame lol but that's cool. Have fun then. TUU if they do that there lol.” emoji I will lol
0	retweet mention : Hey dudes &amp; dudettes
1	retweet mention : It was a hard game, but the most important is that we got the 3 points!! Special, Thanks to the supporters today, it was a…
0	 mention no, don't say that!! let me know when you decide!!
1	Finishing. Poor.
1	Madame Barca lights up the room! bien url 
0	Act Now To Get This Bonsai Elite Wavetrader Trading Course Video Training Series url 
1	I hate to think about the future. emoji 
1	retweet mention : You are such a shitty person emoji 
1	 mention This could have been us but you went all homicidal url 
0	given gronk's per-play efficiency while being eased into 1/2 of pat's off snaps, his ros outlook has gone straight to best case.
0	Here we go Scotland. Let's see if we were brave or bottle merchants. IWillStillLoveYouInTheMorning either way
1	 mention omg that spot is ridiculous.. I wanna be a farmer now. Lol
1	If you've never done a road trip, y'all are missing out on some of the most beautiful places. This… url 
0	Discussion url 
1	retweet mention : Nails and quest bar emoji My FAVORITE protein bar and the only one I'll eat emoji Gluten free, high… url 
0	retweet mention : emoji retweet for 45 free follows emoji ☾mbf bc i follow back &amp; i actually do them &amp; retweet on the account you want them on☽
0	retweet mention : Bands I wish I could see/could've seen live with all original members: The beastie boys NIRVANA Pearl jam Smashing pum…
0	Amazon’s ‘Transparent’ May Be a Civil Rights Movement [Video] Amazon CivilRights GLV url 
0	 BoomBust: mention : US “foolish” to take on ISIS &amp; mention on new media [VIDEO] url mention mention 
0	retweet mention : French case against Iran opposition group dropped url mention Victory4PMOI url paris … 
0	 mention Sneyd is a good half &amp; they need a good half.
0	 mention Bruh what bout me?
1	retweet mention : Jacobs gotta chill with these pages
0	tao fandom have no chill: tao fandom have no chill url 
0	UI students holds candle light url url 
0	 mention mention mention EdKoch was gritty, real, hilarious &amp; love 'em or hate 'em, he fought 4 NYC in ways we rarely see 2day.
1	And that should do it! ActuallyHadToTry PulledThrough GoDucks 4n0 
0	 mention what
1	 mention These people are sick in the head.x
0	 mention mention mention I said it.* *I may not have been the first, though!
1	I ain't saving no nigga bitch !
1	It feels great out emoji 
1	"retweet mention : ""What we built together by sacrificing and sharing - let no narrow nationalism split asunder, ever."" url "
1	Hair in my Whataburger? Ehh.. Fuck it!
1	Such sad news this morning to hear of the death of former Titans kicker Rob Bironas in a car crash. Thoughts and prayers with his family.
1	retweet mention : mention you're perfect also
0	The cosmic tides are pushing you to bring your unexpressed nee.. More for Virgo url 
0	I don't think anybody has the answers, I don't even have the answers right now emoji 
1	retweet mention : Pumpkin Pie AND Apple Crisp together! recipe fallbaking url url 
1	 mention that's called failing
0	 mention mention *Hears a silent echo*
0	 mention on AP? Yeah, well, you know, the law and stuff. (Also, he's a MUCH better player than Rice, so.. doublestandard?) 
0	 mention man stop playing with that shit I basically met the plug who gone put me on with this business the block always gone be here
1	“ mention : I swear sometimes it feels like I don't get enough sleep .” Everyday*
1	Why are basements such scary places?
0	Something new is coming digital painting machine ipad ink cupcake estudiomaquinario lettering… url 
0	 mention Tomorrows Twitter Hours are changing format now use lovemids more url please retweet
1	 mention *Der smiles, he can't hold himself* Welcome back mister Brown!
1	 mention mention mention yes 900 it is!! Climb faster
1	take a shot for me emoji 
0	 mention alright
1	Don't nobody kiss it like you. emoji 
1	Amen venus url 
0	 mention I wanna cut really bad right now and idk why
1	 mention your welcome! Hope it's good emoji 
1	how merciful Mike Smith is for not challenging that, he had a case, nice job Steve Martin's stunt double, nice job
1	Did I ever post the pic of my cousin's hair?? I'm so proud of myself!
0	Breaking your leg must be dumb hot emoji 
0	 mention Look At This Bihh!
0	 mention actually I know a couple people involved who view the men as sexual harassers and worse than her.
1	 mention mention mention i think a statement like that is instructive as to who is “Bahamian” and who isn’t.
1	my little brothers smarter than me
0	 mention I don't know much about your town~
0	Rio Ferdinand mocks Jamie Carragher's Liverpudlian accent.. but Liverpool man hits back at Londoner url 
0	I'm giving away: 4 Buffalo Nickel coins. Check it out - url listia 
1	 mention why would people eating tasty meats threaten her? I thought she was their biggest supporter!?
0	 mention duude
1	Cut a lot of ppl off, and I got way more shit accomplished
0	 mention woles aja mz brow
1	Worst offense in baseball and they have 4 runs against us..
1	Fome emoji 
0	me and mention sexting skills on group chat doh.
0	 WonderfulStories when me and my crush sit on the corner and reads only in one book and laying his head over me mention 
0	retweet mention : Where the feminists at now smh url 
1	have a lovely day guys you all deserve it emoji url 
1	Welp I've had Twetter for the last 12 hours..not seein what I was missing x)
1	 mention Spending an afternoon in the studio with Dot was LIFE CHANGING!
0	retweet mention : My young borr funeral tomorrow emoji 
0	 mention got it for free a couple of years ago while volunteering for a convention up here in toronto.
0	retweet mention : mention you good bro they legit
0	retweet mention : John Chen asking for Canadians to support BlackBerry in their comeback. BlackBerryPassport SeeTheBiggerPicture url 
0	Who at Shakeys rn
0	 url - braids hairstyles - Braids are easy to do and very comfortable. After you learn how to .. url 
0	 mention just have! Xx
0	 mention biochemical weapons is the only thing they comes to mind right now. Oh yeah and War.
0	retweet mention : Them &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; url 
0	Missed The Cardinals being there but mention and Johnny Depp rocked the O2 Shepherds Bush tonight LoveLondon url 
1	You acting like you got your life together but you aren't shit and you know it
1	I've been working on homework since 5.
1	retweet mention : mention thank you so much! The support from your team - both online and in my sessions - is fantastic! smiley x
1	 mention yes 5k min
1	I hope hamjaplay reggea set bado mention mention mention mention 
0	35 mins : Penryn 3 (Moody, Lawrence, Brabyn), Helston 2 ( Young, Robertson)
0	"retweet mention : "" mention : Ideal guy ni Jane Family oriented,Sweet, Protective, may sense of humor, thoughtful, maalaga"" c wawa yan emoji St…"
1	We hope you all had a nice weekend and are ready for a new week with loads of great opportunities smiley We thought.. url 
1	Exactly 1 year ago today! (via mention ) url url 
1	So distracted I blame naughty charley
1	BRUJO’S BOWL, BEATROOTS, GAGARIN and Others mention TRANSLUCID II: Namaste,b we would like to invite to a very good .. url 
1	 mention no ur just a puss puss
0	boy i tell ya.. if it aint one thing, its another.
1	Isn't it amazing? How you talk all this shit and we still lack communication
0	 mention a follow back?
1	There's still plenty of time left
0	 mention mention mention 2009 would fit our show cause of the gold panel
0	retweet mention : NHS must win over patients and staff to achieve a paperless future, conference hears url 
0	retweet mention : Goodnight Mentions emoji ⛅☀ emoji ? -♻ Retweet This ♻ - I Follow You emoji - You Follow Back emoji emoji ❌ No Follow Back = Unfollow/No Menti…
1	retweet mention : Absolutely cannot wait for you guys to hear Steal My Girl on 29th September!
0	retweet mention : Full moon rises over Christ the Redeemer Statue in Rio de Janeiro url 
0	I'm so nosey. I always want to know who everyone is talking about.
1	retweet mention : yall bitches watch love &amp; hip hop more than u watch your kids .. emoji ☕️
1	""" mention : “ mention : If ya bitch don't own head phones she ready to cheat on you nigga”""-- emoji "
1	"retweet"" mention : It feels good to love and be loved in return."""
1	retweet This is so true mention : Bitches fuck all summer, then try to get a nigga for the winter ✋ emoji url 
1	 mention mention *looks at her clothes and says shyly* I wasn't this skinny in college. Will that mess anything up?
1	 mention Hahahaha, my pleasure. Next time bring your own disinfectant.
0	Gol ke-2 Thailand berkelas!
1	retweet mention : Aw, don’t worry bby faced Jim Gordon. You’ll grow up to be Gary Oldman someday. Gotham 
1	How about weed getting legalized¿?
0	This Is how Small an LMP1 Car Is url mention 24LM FIAWEC mention mention LM24 url 
1	retweet mention : retweet if you had one url 
0	Music just puts me ina other zone.
0	I am not the best but I am trying my best.
0	 mention mention I was 13 at the time I'm 14 bow
1	VIDEO: Firearms officer 'suffered hell' url 
0	This is the part when I break free
1	"Seriously the Japanese text says, ""It's not about loving power.. It's about the power of love""!"
1	 mention gained 100 cool point for that man.. yo officially my nigga
0	retweet mention : Whole time I been thinking today was Sunday ! emoji 
1	"This ""death of the adult"" stuff I've been seeing is bullshit. Don't blame society for being immature. growup quitwhining "
1	GOODMORNING SUNSHINE ☺️✨
0	retweet mention : S/o to all the parents telling SV what respect is! .. Kneel down for us we would do it for you emoji 
0	retweet mention : What do you think about Glen and Zeke's partnership? BeringSeaGold url 
0	retweet mention : Textiety is a condition in which an individual feels anxious after not receiving or sending any text messages.
0	White House warns Syria over possible retaliation against anti-ISIS airstrikes url 
0	 HangSayeede SaveTiaPakhi Bangladesh — at Jahangir Nagar University url 
0	 mention Let's do it!! We're supposed to be coming to Cali for Unc's 50th. Granddaddy, Tonya, and myself. Idk about mention 
1	Welp.
1	 mention you so chooseyy✌️
0	" OursTruly “The trio are still in the city,no change of clothes,no phones,nothing"".Watch 7.30pm mention url "
0	retweet mention : it would fulfill so many dreams if i could be a power ranger. even for one episode
1	retweet mention : If you love me, i'll always be in Your Hearts and If you hate me, i'll always be in Your Mind smiley 
1	I regret not wearing my knee brace today
0	The Big Business Behind Internet Memes url | url 
1	 mention mention Hands off, She's mine emoji 
0	 mention No. Going to the big Mind and Life conference in Boston just before url 
1	 Forever is a really good show so far emoji 
0	retweet mention : Enter to win brand new iPhone 6 url iphone6 iphone ipad Apple AppleStore mention gi… 
0	 mention mention mention mention Thats why Maci is my favor. She always focus on Bentley n doesn't think this for now
1	Damn some of the Yankee tickets are going for 10,00 tonight
0	Why y'all on Hamp today? Lol
0	Fresh..seasonal now (via mention ) url 
1	 mention mention you are ugly
0	 mention mention hahaha yeah, bringing it Wednesday emoji 
1	Delighted that my Cambridge Christmas Sporting Dinner with mention &amp; mention has already sold out url 
1	retweet mention : mention mention mention mention Salute emoji 
1	*dance* *dance* *dance* *dance* *dance* *dance* and I'm done get off me. url 
0	Apple iPhone 6 - less than 3 days away for the official release! Camping out yet? url 
0	 mention mention mention wat abt those who box n fight professionally?
0	retweet mention : Starting to feel a bit less like summer. smiley yorkshire url 
0	retweet mention : Get to know me, I'm really weird lol
1	retweet mention : F M arun Jaitley admitted in hospital.
0	 mention wow what a view.What is the place by the way?What is ARISE?
0	 mention Google, National park Species Lists, Facebook acquaintances.
0	Girlfriend: Poisoned Doctor Suspected Lover: Girlfriend: Poisoned doctor suspected lover had hurt him but fear.. url 
1	Dont start because it's easy. Start because it's worth trying. Dont stop because it's hard. Stop because u've tried ur best.
1	Share some good vibes with a complete stranger today xo
0	Sep 17, Pumpkin Picking in New Jersey: Best Pumpkin picking places and events in New Jersey - A great family f.. url 
1	 mention omg i forgot ) smiley 
0	retweet mention : Please pray for my friend Emily ain't nothing wrong with her she just looks a little rough tonight emoji ❤️ emoji mention 
0	retweet mention : mention +1 on Composite Keys in Cassandra; up for writing an updated landing page on mention for users? url 
1	"Players are easily forgiven if they perform.If yaya ""plays""like he did last night he'll just annoy fans further,after his antics this summer"
1	This bitch get on my last nerve emoji 
0	Posts from e-News® for 09/15/2014 - url 
0	Robin Thicke’s Ex Wife, Paula Patton Finds New Lover (Photo)-- url 
0	I slept through English honors and i did all my work emoji 
1	My mom &amp; sisters aint even been gone a whole 2 hours yet &amp; i already miss them
0	""" mention : basically what every girl wants to hear url "
0	 mention Please join this dream emoji all you need to do is retweet the tweet in the link emoji url 
0	Jacob be my 6/12
1	 mention I'd like to think you'd like new business or to make more money off your customers but it's proving very difficult..
0	retweet mention : he didn't need a gun Rip Babygirl emoji but he was protecting hisself take it how yall want thats still my brother emoji 
0	 mention suree
1	When people act like ur nothing without them &lt;&lt;&lt;
1	Well an upset result yesterday has left the Striker's finals hopes in the balance! There could be mMy.. url 
0	 mention making a surprise visit home to see mention and mention play volleyball. thingsthatmakemesmile emoji 
1	are you okay ??'
1	 mention thanks for your music!! COME TO PERÚ PLEASE!! emoji 
0	retweet mention : [EXO Preview Update] Photo url 
1	retweet mention : I'm ready to eat
0	 mention mention this one ? emoji url 
1	Ugh bye. Don't feel like explaining the difference between Preference and internalized anti blackness / Eurocentric beauty.
1	 mention Bless seniors donate towards an Elevator to help rch the sanctuary to worship the Lord.! Go to ww. url 
0	retweet mention : mention 4 hours ago bro wassup though Wyd?
1	 mention I will definitely rebel and not cite my sources.
0	 mention it's for my cosplay for comicon in November x
1	Sweatpants and high tops✌
0	retweet mention : mention mention mention mention mention mention Morning all url 
0	Idk what to eat
0	Movies emoji a little later
1	retweet mention : Women at Florida State find reporting rape to police doesn't guarantee an investigation url 
1	retweet mention : Happy WorldRhinoDay! iam4rhinos - are you? retweet to say YES. mention mention 
1	 mention mention mention mention These people are nuts…
0	'Dancing With the Stars' Season 19 Premiere: 'Fresh Prince,' 'Duck Dynasty' Stars Lead url 
1	Eagles might fuck around and get doored tonight emoji 
1	This Econ class is literally gonna bore me to death one of these days
1	 mention come on girl dnt get mad at me..the truth is i feel you..jst trying to think in a .. url 
0	retweet mention : Some things aren't meant to be easy. Life lessons come at you in all ways the harder the lesson the bigger the blessin…
1	My screen cracked all through my front cam emoji 
0	 mention AskGrace how is your girl Goose going ??
1	 mention mention my hatred level for all of you right now is so high
1	Everything has changed emoji 
0	The bus terminal is experiencing normal conditions.
0	 mention oh hey
1	 mention : What about all little children in Middle East. that have had their heads chopped off by terrorists?You wackos make me sick
0	Paper Dragon Breeder! I just bred a Paper Dragon in DragonVale! Visit my park to check it out! url 
0	 adogslife Hubble waiting for the train. url 
0	retweet mention : ElHoróscopodeHiipolita GEMINISdeMiVida 24-9-14 Read: url 
1	Looks and essence.
1	 mention mention Stuck in Africa with a bunch of big cats and a tactiturn husband. I'd open the wine.
1	Leicester were quality. Love SuperSunday 
0	Hurricane Odile Looks to Douse Baja California url 
1	 mention I know. Lost a vast amount of money first though
1	I love you so much Niall James Horan url 
1	retweet mention : Females who don't ask for much, deserve it all.
1	Oh won't you STAY WITH ME
1	 mention mention I approve he a nice guy we go way back Thats my primo !!
1	Mexico City tonight.. hope I'll have time to taste some burritos.. or tacos.. or Tequila at least emoji mexicocit.. url 
1	Kim k is honestly not actractive with out cloths int opinion
1	My night is really blown ✋
0	 mention &lt;&lt; I'll listen, ofcourse only if you want to talk about it
0	 mention mention mention Flimsy SD card is just one more reason to favor Compact Flash, as clumsy as it is. CF more durable.
1	enjoy the ..
1	 mention have an awesome time!! emoji 
1	Niggas always gotta attitude.
1	Heart breakers gunna break break break break break.
1	"retweet mention : Barry O. addressing UN General Assembly : ""bigger nations should not be able to bully smaller ones""..hmm."
0	retweet mention : Hey GOP: College students are paying attention to your vote against lowering loan rates 
1	Ken you not? kendoll mention 
1	retweet mention : I really hate when ppl touch my face
1	“ mention : If someone SERIOUSLY wants to be a part of your life, they will SERIOUSLY make an effort to be in it.”
1	McCoy not gonna have a touch for the whole quarter
1	Tattoo&lt;3 url 
1	 mention GURL IM IMPATIENT. i reconnected to wifi and now it says 48 mins soo. ill take that.
1	retweet mention : SCANDAL TOMORROW emoji 
0	“Don't be afraid, just play the music.”―Charlie Parker
0	Good morning RVA! Join mention &amp; mention for GMR! For the news and weather where you live. Watch online: url 
1	dear people, how can you even?
1	I think I wanna marry you emoji 
0	 mention emoji is a combination of St. George, Patrick &amp; Andrew for Scotland and if Scotlands no involved why would they still have St. Andrew?
0	S’pore ratifies pact committing countries to lower emissions url today url 
0	retweet mention : RIP mention 1951-2014. The man could grow a great beard. url 
1	Any time♫
1	 mention I don't joke
1	retweet mention : Wishing our Nationalist &amp; PM mention on his Birthday with Best Wishes, Health, Love &amp; Success! HappyBirthdayPM url 
1	"""Surge"" pop is back?!?! As if there currently isn't enough lemon-lime flavored soda on the market. emoji "
0	If somebody tml I love you forever emoji 
1	retweet mention : Bitches kill me
0	We recommend physical exercise to keep a healthy brain, but it doesn't have to be strenuous. Walking is great! url 
1	i want to crush someone's stupid little soul, break their non-existent heart. hurt them mentally.
1	Great job to all of my ridge swimmers today at the wolves classic! So many dropped times. I'm so proud of you guys!
0	Daily emoji url 
0	retweet mention : Real speed. Real stunts. Real action. Own NFSMovie now on Blu-ray, DVD and Digital url url 
1	EAGLENET DOWN EAGLENET DOWN
1	Interview in the morning. emoji 
1	Changing this cats name to Mr. Loud Kitty
0	"retweet mention : ""I can do that! Hold my beer"" - Me watching Imp and Mata"
1	 mention ah thank you, had me puzzled!
1	Funny that the bitch I supposedly didn't have to worry about then, is now the bitch that has your attention recently.
1	gnight emoji 
1	retweet mention : Jack and I just found our house I think emoji 
1	Doing this math homework
0	one person followed me // automatically checked by url 
1	 mention I wish it was
0	Gawa na ng topic outline tonight na due on Friday coz party on Thurs night. smiley ) StudyHardPartyHarder 
1	THAT BALL IS OUT! BALL DONT LIE
0	 mention mention Best..news..ever.. I'm so sick of not having a robot to take my Oreo cookies apart for me.
1	Welcome to my twitter page
0	Just ate a whole box of cheez-it's so what??
0	 mention mention mention watch out for 2 caruana
0	Tryna see if im bout to go hoop or not doee
0	Un mention in formissima a mention . Now.
0	Plies x pills and potions ✊ emoji ➰
1	Stop sending spams Oomf.. Check ur account!!
1	"retweet mention : I hate a ""show your work"" ass teacher"
0	Getting the mindset now for tomorrow's game Area29 BeatMemorial 
1	 mention Thank you Aileen emoji 
0	 mention or gluten free
1	You did not me.
0	retweet mention : China is now the world's biggest investor in clean energy w/ record $68 billion in 2012 CWNYC url htt…
1	 mention mention Yeah, would be tough on God. And he has such a miserable time- no friends, no sex (except the once, of course)
0	"retweet mention : ""Charlie, 14, student."" Student? Schoolboy surely? xfactor "
0	“ mention : How long before Obama weighs in on the latest NFL issues?” Given the racial makeup? Snowball's chance.
1	So tired of maths
0	 mention justifique
1	"retweet mention : I will be walking on campus and then for some reason I'll be like "" what fucking class am I even going to"" and then I'll pau…"
0	retweet mention : Soybeans as of today. Frost speeding up maturity. Couple bushel loss, maybe. Harvesting by end of the month. TH33003 url 
0	GNSL - My Slogan
0	"retweet mention : It's called ""reading."" That's how people install new software into their brains. url "
0	★RETWEET★ONLY★IF★YOU★WANT★NEW★FOLLOWERS★ TFBJP HITFOLLOWSTEAM SougoFollow FollowBack TeamFollowBack MustFollow url 
0	53 new tweeps followed me in the last week. I find relevant people to follow with the CopyFollowers feature of url 
0	No pants on cause I hate pants emoji 
0	 mention I'm behind, is this Frank Wren's couch?
0	retweet mention : I don't regret my past; I just regret the time I wasted with the wrong people.
0	 mention you must have met my colleague mention then? Of course I will and likewise if you're in London
0	 mature milf cougar hot amateur wife blowjob gif nude - [link removed] url 
1	retweet mention : Me and this girl have physically fought emoji and she still there for me.. That's love right there. Lol She's my day 1
1	 mention mention the difference is that drivers can turn on the ac. Sweatshops don't have ac.
1	just to be around you is a blessing.
1	Or should I just ask shermars mom emoji I miss her emoji 
0	 mention no you don't.
0	Kelly from Misfits has a new power timetraveller 
1	“ mention : And after 2 long months I'll be attending Raw and Smackdown next week! Get ready, Chicago and Milwaukee!” See u soon !
1	Bought A Mirror Just To Face The Truth
0	 mention emoji i don't even no how that convo started
1	retweet mention : emoji wait wtf does that say EXERAY?
1	 mention I give you a ride everyday and you don't hook up with me ..
0	retweet mention : On average, Americans consume 4 gallons of ice cream per person each year.
1	Hi sunshines from mention can you be my sunshine/4 i love you to the  and back mention mention mention mention emoji x4149
1	a little part of my faith in humanity dies when I see people use the word 'bae'
1	MY FAVE PERSON IN THE WORLD FOLLOWS ME WHAT IS THIS
1	COMME des FUCKDOWN PEOPLE url 
1	 mention ew hate that picture .. And you ✋ emoji 
1	Actually doing pretty good for once url 
1	If you're lucky enough to be different, don't ever change.
0	retweet mention : If Manchester United were a person url 
1	retweet mention : I think I got it for heneretta.
1	 mention too late.
0	Um, i can't disagree with the analysis of TrueDetective &amp; TheWalkingDead TV That Gets More Praise Than it Deserves url 
0	 mention i'll measure you everytimes you feel gained height /no
0	retweet mention : url A paranormal-horror tale where the heroine and the monster, are one and the same. url 
0	 mention im soo sleepy. Haha. What time is it there?
1	 mention mention he was a steal
0	retweet mention : ThandaYaGaram update: 76% of you have rated the buzz around mention &amp; mention 's Khoobsurat as Garam! url 
1	 mention thank you!
0	9 mins til my lunch break tho.!
0	""" mention : Bullet proof vests, fire escapes, windshield wipers and laser printers were all invented by women."" emoji sighs"
1	Kanye scored 106 points on a wheelchair team emoji 
0	 mention who was scrappn
1	“ mention : Thinking of calling in tomorrow emoji ” you're full of caca! You're not even down. emoji 
0	 mention Turn Up Music F**K Tha Police BY mention url retweet!
1	insomnia
1	“ mention : TOUCHDOWN BRONCOS!”
0	retweet mention : Only in Baltimore will you find graffiti on a dead dear.. url 
1	I just love working every weekend . Like who needs a social life anyways ? emoji 
0	retweet mention : Meeting of Cyprus President mention w Lebanese President Tammam Salam, UNGA, url 
1	I can't tie you down girl ion even tie my laces !
1	First day of fall is finally here, YESS, so now the weather needs to get with the program. happyfallyall 
1	Morning mission complete! huladog aka puka dog url 
0	Waddup emoji 
0	""" mention : mention : from now on CLOUD 9 is the newest version of soundscloud at nxt time may CLOUD 8 AT 10 NA. HAHAHA"
1	Dangote's daughter cheated on me and you say I should break up? Don't you know that Love is all about.. url 
0	retweet mention : Fill in the blank and I’ll tell you your age url 
0	 mention skinny dipping . url OneYearOfTheFooEP 
0	To book whatsapp us at +91 9833761323 url 
0	 emoji Zone
0	retweet mention : Because Cancer's are such emotional thinkers they often find themselves questioning their motives even if their intention…
1	 mention thanks
1	I'll be your honey bee! emoji BlakeShelton 
1	 mention mention mention mention thank you. hey, get better soon k?
1	Happy Monday Twitter fam url 
0	 mention mention is it nice?
1	*searches the drawer of convenient excuses* Im sure I filed it under A for artificial!
1	Finally home ❤
1	When reality slaps you in the face.. url 
0	Anyone got rising democrats/republicans notes for Reoutt??
1	retweet mention : mention thank you babyy. emoji 
0	I'm at Onix Networking in Lakewood, OH w/ mention url 
0	My room is finally clean.. I can see the floor!!
1	retweet mention smiley o not update: iOS 8.0.1 cripples iPhone 6 and 6 Plus by killing Touch ID and cell service url url 
0	retweet mention : Searching connections' connections the most challenging thing to teach on Linkedin &gt; Dawn Schricke FTFSMAC 
1	I actually like iOS8
1	 mention thanks Kar. I really appreciate it.
0	So if the world is a huge sphere, is ball really life?
1	I hate being boredd emoji 
0	"A ""Where Are They Now?"" story from mention : 30 years ago they retired at age url "
1	Dear Sportscenter, Saturday nights in September, could you not waste my time with baseball highlights just ONE night a week?
1	retweet mention : Busy weekend of sport. Good luck to all involved in bartsbash Iain Percy joined mention and I last night. url 
0	 mention wow! Yes a dozen or so just for us, fabulous fruit. Wd like to visit there inspring
0	When can we reach the stars? url 
0	I be looking for mention with a emoji 
1	retweet mention smiley os Palos has nothing for me. Can't wait to get outta here.
1	 mention AND HED KISS YOUR FOREHEAD AND THEN GO TO SLEEP TOO
0	 mention well, just for contra sake: ESL has tried to privately sell assets before, got no/poor bids, &amp; successfully monetized anyway
0	"retweet mention : retweet mention ""Iowa's Fastest Growing Business Services Company upgrades legacy callcenter facilties… via mention "" htt…"
0	Find out more about our International Emergency Services and current responses at url 
1	retweet mention : retweet mention : 1st we go 2 war w/Iraq &amp; Afghanistan. Now, we'll attack Isis w/ air strikes. What's next drone..
0	CHRIS FUCKING BAKER
1	bye mention my friend who says she's a 5sos fan and only follows luke emoji 
1	I'm a sleepy-head but you are still feeling lovely smiley tb url 
0	Find Success In Your Search For Secrets Regarding Real Estate Investing By Reading This - url 
0	retweet mention : Heechul left comment on Leeteuk's IG : ..No power. But very happy.. url 
0	Useful Tips for Agile Project Management url pmot projectdirectors c url 
1	I CAN'T WAIT ANYMORE!! emoji biggestpartyoftheyear emoji url 
1	Allahhumma bismika amooto Wa'ahya °° Keep calm And Serve parents well. Good night url 
0	 mention I've got nothing to hide from anybody
1	 mention JUST SOUNDS WRONG DOOD
0	Im just gonna wear uggs today..
1	retweet mention : The concert with mention mention with mention mention mention is fast approaching! Get y…
0	 mention do you LOVEE eating them or making them Alex?
1	retweet mention : mention a5: I love my bow ties from mention pugchat url 
0	 mention nahh only on Saturdays
1	Working 12 days in a row.. well deserved! emoji url 
0	 mention mention we have teddy bro.
0	Sex Tape is a DIY porn disaster for desperate Cameron Diaz, writes Brian Viner url 
0	i should go to sleep.
0	A monarch emerges! Series from Summit Metro Parks volunteer Jerry Cannon butterflies monarchs summitmetroparks url 
0	 mention Out of the frying pan into the..nick?
0	retweet mention : Whoever's the owner of the white sedan, you left your lights on..
0	 mention mention thats true
0	"Quest ""Lost Valuables"" is completed in ""Legacy of Transylvania""! url GameInsight iPadGames iPad "
1	retweet mention : mention its this teacher at north that look just like kaepernick . he made me think abt you , you would be in love lhh emoji 
0	retweet mention : BRK. PONYTAIL BLACK M L XL | 120 K url 
1	Swallow my pride &amp; let me forgive.
1	)) ♡(( ┃♠ *┣┓~♡~ ┃*`♠┣┛ ┗━━┛ Good ♡ DAY
1	How u gonna marry somebody that u out here fighting with every other day lol. Just break up and grow. Maybe try again
1	retweet mention : BEST ACTING LIFE COACH EVER! Follow this man &amp; LEARN! mention mention url actors url 
0	Just got my mention account synced to my xbox. Good bye world. rip 
1	hate this felling — feeling sick
1	applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the YakupBali ÖzLedi
1	Have you ever been inside a dream, inside a dream? Baby this is inception. emoji 
0	 url url url i think last time i used this website when i was a
1	4 hours of sleep, a lecture on format editing, and a lecture on the Mughal and Safavid Empires.. Yep I'm dead tired today.
1	"Saw this Nike pullover that's gone be my ""I don't feel like wearing clothes and being out"" fit"
0	 mention morning
0	retweet mention : YASS WITH mention ILL HAVE COLORFUL HAIR WITHOUT ACTUALLY DYEING IT!
1	 mention wasn't you either, it was mostly all the guys who were on the couches emoji 
1	EXO can FINALLY REST! TLP will be back on December, and there is hope again for Malaysian and PH fans. Hahaha. smiley 
1	I believe I'm here for a reason &amp; my purpose is greater than my challenges!
0	retweet mention : [ 100thSuperShow] SuperJunior WORLD TOUR “SUPER SHOW 6” with mention , SUNGMIN url 
1	retweet mention : Klopp is a winner
0	"retweet mention : The ""can I speak to a manager"" haircut url "
0	retweet mention : *hits blunt* I Believe In Aliens But Do Aliens Believe In Me url 
0	retweet mention : mention steps up for a great cause courageously n lifafas mention mention start spitting out their pe…
1	I liked a mention video from mention url KANYE WEST VS THE HANDICAPPED!?
0	 mention Lol. I'm getting ready to go to dance class emoji 
0	"retweet mention : 755 AkiP: I thought to myself, ""If Kojima wins,this might be a graduation song"". I'm glad she's 2nd. I want her to stay fo…"
1	retweet mention : I think it's cute when someone remembers the little things about you
0	Here's why the U.S. military went big in Syria on a single day url via mention 
1	retweet mention : POLL: Should Nigeria negotiate with Boko Haram? &gt;&gt;&gt; url 
1	 mention NO with out a doubt
1	dying to have my hair like this. url 
1	The teller was creepy as hell though
0	 mention ugh, metareshiram. i've actually linked the vid before, but in a more private space iirc..
1	retweet mention : mention mention I also continue to get releases from one firm despite at least 12 return emails telling them I don't…
0	retweet mention : In an independent Scotland, free wifi will actually be free.
0	retweet mention : tweet me some questions under the hashtag askjacob going to go live on younow and answer a ton of them in like 5 minu…
0	 mention mention it certainly was big roy aitkins debut
0	Leeds // The UK need to open a JambaJuice!! emoji url 
1	retweet mention : You ever look at someone and can't help but smile
0	 mention No, I do.. perfectly well chanchan. /giggles/ I was wondering if you do.
0	 mention mention when are they due?
1	Tighten, Tone and Firm anywhere!! url url 
0	really dont phase me , just go along with it.. emoji 
1	"retweet mention : ""There's a lot of good and bad out there. I prefer to surround myself with the good because the bad is more bad."" I see…"
0	retweet mention : Biggest surprise of 2014 LS elections is. Many of illiterates asking for Modi's name on EVMs in election booths.
1	All you gotta do is have faith..
1	 mention proud of you girl!!
1	retweet mention : Nothing makes me more sad and mad than seeing the nicest people being treated like crap.
0	Used the stairs today.
0	 Job Salina Store Associate Part Time: Salina Position Type: Employee FLSA Status: Non-Exempt Responsible for.. url 
1	✈️ emoji ✈️ mention my heros, my love , my everything.. can you please follow me? I need that &amp; you please, love you emoji ✈️ emoji ✈️ x11
0	 mention mention mention Only you can answer that.
0	Superhero Sprints: Learn how you can triple your fat loss and get that shredded superhero physique. url 
0	Getting bae right url 
1	Lol i be jammin out way to early
0	MTV EMA 2014 :: 9.11.2014 :: Glasgow :: Vote - Best Song url 
0	retweet mention : Only 4 weeks 'til we head off on tour with mention Tix here: url 
0	Dammit, i missed both Scorpion and Gotham last night? Time to play catch-up!
0	Targeted Drugs Among Successes Against Cancer, Says New Report url 
1	I'm confused
0	Grey Clouds Roll Over The Hills Bringing Darkness From Above Ipoh
0	 mention mention BLACK emoji 
0	Can I talk to you? And tell you how I feel
0	Anyone know a YouTube channel with Dragonball English dubs in order? Tryna watch on my TV.
1	 mention then you failed on the line jumps?
1	retweet mention : I love mention ❤️ url 
1	I keep trying to lose weight but it keeps finding me
0	Things are getting sketchy mention wwstudios. See you Friday night mention aigadui… url 
1	Feel like five years old.
0	retweet mention : *hits blunt* If Kim took her nudes with a blackberry *hits blunt again* How did her icloud get hacked? url 
0	Ain't no point In talking sometimes. Just shut up sometimes. Watch that shit play.
0	On break killing shit ain't nun changed lol
1	 mention I haven't been wonky for 6 weeks!!
0	retweet mention : still haven't update my iPhone
1	 mention mention IT'S A FRENCH PROJECT FOR UR BIRTHDAYS MY LOVES url HOPE U LIKE IT xx HappyBirthdayJesami 54
1	 mention hahaha foreal how am I boutta buy this but still have a 3GS emoji 
0	luke will u come get me so I dont have to fo to school and we x oo uld cuddle and eat sandwiches and watch movies
0	 mention SURE
0	retweet mention : You piss me off so much but I miss you more.
0	retweet mention : WHOS EXCITED retweet mention ON mention and XTRA Factor PowPowGirlsXFactor2014 url 
0	 Live - Food and Wine Festival Ghana accrafoodandwinefest afwf url cc mention mention url 
0	 mention no smiley do you have it ?
0	Are you kidding me!
1	retweet mention : Jj sister had me weak this morning. ! emoji 
0	retweet mention : What is some great advice you were given and able to pass on?
1	freshers in Exeter tonight looked bloody off the hook
1	 smiley !! ♫ Sunday Morning by mention (at Kost) — url 
0	You may be stuck in an outdated emotional pattern today, yet y.. More for Taurus url 
1	retweet mention : mention CM sab The govt should put containers in the rivers to stop the waters &amp; get the punjab police to beat &amp; shoo…
0	 mention I hope
0	Just posted a photo mention Amesbury url 
0	retweet mention : anyone wanna go to a haunted house tonight
1	retweet mention : Can name a lot of things any other girl won't do for you, I'll do for you.
0	Ballet dancers by EdgarDegas. Studies in movement of the human body, explore the physic.. url url 
0	retweet mention : BENGHAZI Petraeus had ZERO liability for weapons deals – it was a joint State/CIA program already being conducted when Pet…
1	45k rise in employment over latest quarter in Scotland. Only 24k of these jobs were in 16-64 age category! Quite incredible really
1	retweet mention : livs jokes are actually funny tonight
0	This my first time eating Popeyes out the union since I been at southern.
0	 mention yeah
1	retweet mention : Choreographed airport exit with dancers, Gaga is an icon and it can't be questioned. url 
0	 mention granny slippers, sorry not sorry emoji 
0	Lol CV Messy boy emoji 
0	When is carnival?
1	retweet mention : emoji MICHAEL CLIFFORD I hope you're having a good day! Itll mean the world if you follow me smiley I love you emoji mention …
0	retweet mention : View our latest Newsletter - url 
1	Okey me calmo.
0	We need some mid-week jams. Who's on your playlist? Ready, set, GO!
1	Seriously had a great night last night .. he's so sweet and he tells me things I don't hear at all from a guy emoji 
0	retweet mention : Interesting article. Lots to consider with the future of robotics..not just tech! url 
1	retweet mention : Fuck url 
1	No Ones Up.
0	 mention you must be dying then
0	 mention //You sent a reply to this?
0	You dawg mention 
0	What can mention teach you about running a webdesign business? olp Interview udemy url 
1	 mention thanks kamaraj good aidea
1	Gahh Oktoberfest looks so much fun
0	 mention do you know, has he been named in the subs all year??
1	When a four year old tells you that her heart fruit snack is for you&gt;&gt;
0	Ichi-i senshin - One thought; sole spirit
0	Everyone loves designer bags, but it's hard to break the bank. Find out how to tell whether you're buying an.. url 
1	retweet mention : “ mention : 8 out of 10 missing grandpas are found at Swiss Chalet”. mention 
0	 mention cloud atlas
1	 mention mention Very interesting, thanks for the link smiley 
1	retweet mention : Harrison heads for Perth again Lisa Harrison has enjoyed a fabulous year at Perth and the Cumbrian trainer is after ht…
1	Statesboro needs a Kroger. So I can get discounts wit my Kroger card.☺️
1	 mention Is UA war command mind-controlled by GRU-KGB? 2008 Georgia have few new commanders - Russia lost orientation and stopped.
1	Letting go of funk and grudges. Tired of wasting my time being angry all the time.
0	Balance And Composure perform live at Fitz tonight with Seahaven and Creepoid. Doors at 8:00, tickets are still available.
1	retweet mention : Congrats mention on the first grab of the season with Luke Wade! VoicePremiere 
1	 mention Had an awesome time. Thanks.
1	retweet mention : mention mention you guys are so perfect emoji 
1	 mention I won't reply and ruin your life emoji 
1	I cant stop laughing
0	New Zealand P2P Platform Harmoney Launches With NZ$100 Million in Lending Capital url p2p p2plending 
0	Get 2 free fonts in Karma family. See samples and download at url url 
1	retweet mention : if you reply slow i'll forget about you
0	Travelodge Room Sales - url 
0	retweet mention : retweet for 10 free follows if you follow you'll get 20
0	retweet mention : Mondayitis: Classic Videogames, parkour style url 
1	 mention Oh alright. It's just this trovi search on My google chrome and internet explorer. I have to figure this out.
0	retweet mention : retweet for a dm to Luke while he's online mbf pls
0	 mention mention mention This is standard practice at pretty much any airline at the world, if pax reshedules.
0	Check out Pirates of Caribbean skull Classical Pure 925 Sterling Silver Men Earrings Studs url via mention 
1	beyond disappointed in myself
1	retweet mention : Confidence is beautiful. It's not about thinking you're better than someone. It's about knowing that you are just as a…
1	That is … bizarre MT mention : I do have to admit that the diving horse was long gone by the late 1930s url 
1	hi everyone
0	“ mention : url This feels Hannibal related to me
1	 mention Can't help bursting into giggles there, picturing you walking right into a glass door. Sorry, Gorgeous.. smiley 
0	"retweet mention : Unlikely Scottish politics will ever return to ""business as usual"", says Alex Salmond url url "
0	Photoset: url 
0	retweet mention : LostFriendsEpisodes The one where instead of another Friends rerun on E4, it's a Frasier you've not seen before &amp; it really …
1	Great to see the models mention with hair by mention , make-up by mention and hats by mention 
0	retweet mention : Sail in style. Queen Mary 2 cruise w/flight, balcony upgrade &amp; onboard credit. Save $700+ on DIY price. url 
0	retweet mention : The little brother of the sun by lightpix photo url 
1	UH NEEVERMIND
0	Never been a fan of short hair but I loved this cut GoingthruWithdrawls IwantdisAgain emoji … url 
1	 mention &gt; kisses back and waves frantically.} Bye! Adios! Have fun on Uranus smiley &lt;33
1	“ mention : iPhone 6 review: Giving the people what they want url minepx 
0	retweet mention : Sometimes I feel like Kevin.. url 
1	retweet mention : Going through my newsfeed and retweeting everything X GoMaroons 
1	 mention still battling through skyrim mate!
1	retweet mention : while unpacking my suitcase, as I pulled out my dirty clothes, half a strip of bacon fell out of the pile, WHAT HAPPENED L…
1	19- I think you should convince your cousin to throw another party lol
1	 mention vote Tory. Best option for city to avoid ping down the Miller path
1	 mention mention Germany finally got Lead To Light and I love it! I hope I can see you performing some of the songs again one day smiley 
1	 mention mention I already follow and never won last time I think it's a big fat con
0	 mention *Chuckles* Good I'm almost down myself
1	retweet mention : “ mention : romantic.. by my friend mention : mention : Sunset in the Alps. url pre…
0	On! SouthernAve F08X02. Status was Inspection Repair. Downtime 15h17m url 
1	 emoji mention url GO WATCH IT NOW!! emoji Please mention ilysfm emoji emoji ✖️33
1	retweet mention : I love how Lampard gets up after scoring like 'fuck sake, all i wanted to do was to move to new york, now i have to deal w…
1	MY NETFLIX ISNT LOGGING IN
0	retweet mention : why UAE and KSA declare the identities of their air forces fighters who participated in the raids against ISIS,dangerous for …
0	We'll never bee as young as we are noow
0	" mention "" mention : Jayalalithaa told to appear in court on October 1 in tax case ""without fail"" url "
1	Wear this sleek black leather shoulder bag on your next trip to the mall! url url 
0	retweet mention : too many selfies recently, soz url 
1	You need to retreat and create a safe haven for yourself today.. More for Cancer url 
0	Just posted a photo url 
1	retweet mention : Stephen Tulloch injures himself celebrating sack of Aaron Rodgers url 
1	 Np Heartbroken
1	 mention your nasty.
1	 mention fab! What could be better! Hope you took some pics!
0	 mention so true there's no point getting it if you haven't got a NextGen console
1	retweet mention : i love you all so so much emoji my new video WILL be up as soon as i can - i'll keep you updated! but for now to make it up.. …
0	 mention Ha! They should have filmed it on my street
1	United's defense is shit
0	retweet mention : Sharell, Yaminah, Chloe, Shacarra, &amp; Eric too. Lol
0	 SteveWeekend movie night 2.
1	retweet mention : RIP Beautiful Risso's dolphins I wish you knew you were not alone We fight, care, love, mourn every single dolphin htt…
1	I wouldn't trade my relationship for anything ☝️
0	Used to*
1	retweet mention : October is so close emoji 
0	We're holding a short film night dedicated to films made by students based in the North East. For more info here: url 
1	retweet mention : if it hurts it matters
1	I LET YOU HAVE IT
1	retweet mention : We gone ride it out til da wheels fall off emoji ✊
0	 mention Body cam in Ferguson would have shown thug/thief rushing officer. Maybe these will end race baiting &amp; looting. Wishfulthinking 
0	 mention wow I'm actually horrible emoji 
1	retweet mention : REAL SHIT retweet url 
1	 mention looking at Edric face makes me smile smiley 
1	Sound cloud emoji 
0	City council to consider sale of block of 103rd street in arena district url via mention CRE Edmonton 
1	 mention mention Who knows, probably just laid out all of the players equip as usual. Honest mistake, i imagine.
1	It is way too hot,yoh!
0	Focus has started, join Colony tomorrow with Hugh mention at 2.30 for his talk about 35yrs of bespoke sofa making url 
1	some mr. lu's sounds good right now
0	Enlightened vinyl - preference: FEIQkj
0	The company has 8 girls and 7 boys as staff in the department I deal with All 7 of the boys are skilled with.. url 
1	retweet mention : “ mention : Sex n the emoji tho emoji ” NI BITCH. Yu kno yuion like water FlexinAssNiggas 
0	retweet mention : Smart sensor turns surfers into citizen scientists: url url 
0	[Fast Movers] 1: It's Not Right for You url 
1	 mention I will my dude ❤️
1	 mention I ain't even get your call emoji wyd
0	VIDEO: Inside the fire-gutted dogs' home url 
0	 mention Ya so you just got here on time and packs are a lot better pulled a Keith today
0	retweet mention : What's your weapon of choice? Ours just arrived! VCats mention url 
0	retweet mention : I've been tired since 2003
1	This bitch url 
0	retweet mention : mention tells his story from the beginning on mention mention ! url 
1	 mention mention mention smh tom, you warned this bitch too
0	 mention alil mental image for ya
1	retweet mention : i don't need it, i don't need it, i definitely don't need it.. url 
0	I'm at Casa Mailson Th. url 
0	3 people followed me and 3 people unfollowed me in the last day. Thank you url app
0	3 Signs Your Branding Isn't Working url Entrepreneur Solopreneur marketing brand 
0	My taxi driver speaks English! Chicago 
0	At 04:45 (22/09/2014) the river level at this station is steady at 38.21m. More info: url 
1	 mention I want him to stay forever.
1	 mention good how was yours babe emoji 
0	retweet mention : mention berry
0	One person followed me in the last day thanks to url app
1	There's no bae to cook for me emoji 
0	Morocco Hotels | A Review Of Morocco Hotels url 
1	""" mention : How i feel after eating url mention emoji "
0	Shroom Queen needs to be dropped off in limos full of shrooms. emoji 
1	retweet mention : An excellent week for mention - certainly better than Barcelona's. url 
0	Zombie ~||~ The Cranberries
0	 emoji .. I guess
1	I see quality in a bad girl
1	retweet mention : Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending. url 
1	"""It's hard to comprehend if you ain't felt the feeling"" DearAmerica "
1	Fucking hate stand stills been here for about 2 hours still ain't moved joke 
0	 mention oh because I was gonna stop by some times and say hi. .+.
0	Yobo ke? Pls he shud retire jor mention 
0	 mention yo that's kinda like his pad man
0	Photo : wesswestcuhh: me nurturing nature url 
0	 mention Cows need to be milked. And chickens lay eggs regardless. I only eat free range products where the animals aren't hurt
1	I can't hear anything
0	Have you heard ‘Lifestream’ by CHARM OFFENSIVE on SoundCloud? url 
1	Laying here got mad SHYT going on in my head, huh i just feel like crying idky emoji 
0	retweet mention : End of 3rd Quarter at mention : mention 52, mention 13. Follow live stats: url LS… 
1	"""Pretty soon Pakman joined them a few times, and got hooked. So that the family could play together,.."" url "
1	 mention mention mention mention mention mention lousa Happy night beautiful girl ; D Kisses
1	Anonym sagte smiley o you seriously feel as if no one will ever want to be with you? url 
0	Is it too much to ask that Nylander be so good that he makes the Leafs tanking last season totally worth it? TMLtalk 
1	retweet mention : Harry Styles’ hair has reached peak man bun and it’s beautiful url url 
0	retweet mention : “ mention : With every ending comes a new beginning url 
1	 mention because there is no need to use new ones the old ones are the facts emoji 
1	retweet mention : What if our favorite cartoons were real? They might just creep you out. 1 is amazing! url url 
0	 mention Happens all the time everywhere else..
0	 mention so when are you going back to USA, Piers? :v
0	iMessage isn't working right now? Yeah, let me chill on the update for a bit
0	retweet mention : SuperJunior WORLD TOUR “SUPER SHOW 6” with mention , SIWON( mention )! url 
1	 mention he was a dick. Basically look at his new video
1	Republicans chance of winning the Senate is slim and none. I want Ted Cruz to obstruct? I dare you. Republicans are stupid.
0	We in hea!! Me and my fellow divas mention mention mention interviewing on KPFT 90.1!… url 
0	retweet mention : I wonder if I look like a tourist? url 
1	 mention emoji you got da digitz soo
0	Reading 1 That same day Jesus left the house and went to the lakeside, where he sat down to teach. 2 The crowd.. url 
0	retweet mention : Timmy always got F's because he was too busy loving hoes url 
0	Season's change, leaves fall, the nights are getting crisper, the days R getting shorter, summer is fading,fall is at the door. poem fall 
1	Sometimes life just suck
0	If i told u i was different would you understand the difference?
0	When POCSO Misuse in innocent Asaram Bapu Ji's case EXPOSED, Y didnt media covered the news in prime time POCSOmisuseExposedGiveBail2Bapuji 
1	My phones about to die and I can't find my damn charger
0	Couple url 
1	I'm hella cold rn
0	 mention Oh alright ..
0	"retweet mention : where r the ""hoes"" I have?"
1	 Diana4UGirlOct31 It would be a dream coming true, and I want to thank all those people that believe in me ilysm mention mention 
0	retweet mention : retweet and quote this with your name for an indirect EMABiggestFansJustinBieber 
0	OKAY I GAVE IN ILL SPAM MICHAEL OMF
0	 mention please stay only for me
1	 mention mention oh man I know! emoji 
1	 mention thanks boo emoji 
1	Who's coming to see the Babadook with me then? Looks terrifying and it's had great reviews. bringsomepampers 
0	retweet mention : Idk if I want to be Michael or Ashton. Can I be both? url 
0	retweet mention : I think I'm friend zoned
0	 mention is that a limas sweed documentary?
1	retweet mention : 2011-2012 belieber fandom was everything
0	More than 3 million people told the FCC what they think about net neutrality. Why hasn't Obama? url 
0	 mention url I dunno if you remember this one, too or not. I saw them like four times when I was younger. omgg
0	 nowplaying Still Corners - Fireflies from Strange Pleasures [ mention ] ♫ url 
1	retweet mention : People who fuck with your eyes open..what's it like to not be married?
1	The only thing good about school is the weekends
1	"penguintim: ""America is a land of freedom!!11!!"" url "
0	American Horror Story 2/12
0	retweet mention : Nothing like some old people candy url 
1	retweet mention : The times all swimmers aspire for url 
0	 mention scoop me n Rio up in Logan lol
1	Pinoys with a mission: from CDG straight to the designer outlets. Forget about hotel check in! emoji … url 
1	 mention youre welcome
1	The autumn trailer for hollyoaks though emoji 
0	retweet mention : Watch this. url 
0	"dom obviously cant spell ""since"".. lol"
0	retweet mention : Why Chelsea WON'T sign mention plus news from SAFC boro lcfc qpr saintsfc scfc from the regional papers. url 
1	why did I just do my makeup it's 10:30 mention night wtff
1	retweet mention : Shieet bandz will make me dance!!
1	Amazing Woodworking Advice To Help You Get Started - url 
1	Racist ISIS Post Calls Obama Thge Mule of the Jews Calls on Muslims To Murder Kuffar in US, France and Australia url 
1	The best place to sleep is on a boat
0	Bitcoin gets a big boost as a fundraising tool with United Way announcing they will accept donations in the.. url 
0	like you even cared..
0	" mention ""I'll stay put."""
0	 mention yeah, yeah whatever lol. You like latinos or Asians?
0	 mention I haven't had time to search for another place to go, really. Finally finding time to breathe just lately.
1	retweet mention : Wise words. url url 
1	Walking socks take up so much space! packing 
1	retweet mention : Wow as if people think that weird photo going around is actually me lol think id rather tweet a full frontal than have…
1	Feel free to LIKE &amp; SHARE! Thanks to all!! TeamJaida JaidaBenjamin url 
1	retweet mention : What a shitty night emoji 
1	 mention mention Thanks man ! smiley 
1	I ate a cookie today emoji 
1	retweet mention : mention i love them ✨ emoji 
1	I swear every freakin night im just chillen in my room and then I hear a cat just screamin like it's getting mauled or sometin scaryshityo 
1	retweet mention : Malcolm Subban has some of the worst style in the league ShitGoaliesNeverSay url 
0	"retweet mention smiley on't sleep on ""The way eye see it"" by mention .. Shit is nice!"
1	retweet mention : Had too put oomf on the blocklist.. It's for her best interest.
0	Michael Bloomberg smiley etroit Is Just Like 1970s New York, And That's A Good Thing: The 1970s are remembered as d.. url 
1	Im Here smiley url 
1	Yes the hammers!
1	Someone take my phone away.. Coolbeans hotrod url 
1	retweet mention : Great Stat: Winning QBs in Week 2 games thus far have thrown 25 TDs and ZERO Ints.
0	Our Unicorn sunrise from divaDanielle! **SPARKLE** unicorns burningman lifeisbeautiful brc sunrise url 
1	retweet mention : Hearty congratulations to all the winners and finalists at the WA Training Awards - it was quite the celebration: http…
1	You Aint Gotta Be Perfect Just Give Me A Purpose To Love
0	Whose balling today. And yes I tagged half of Croydon.
0	“ mention : Take me back babymamas beachhouse bff loveher mention url 
0	 mention really hoeing myself lol
1	Like always emoji 
1	My og told me don't go to class but I went anyways emoji 
0	retweet mention : Not happy mention you have let go the only reason for listening mention . Bye bye
1	 mention I know but don't judge me
1	Yess! Cougs score lets goo! BeatTheDucks 
0	 mention mention no but high school musical 1&amp;2 is
0	"retweet mention : Ass to thigh ratio is key. ASS TO THIGH RATIO kim k's ""ass"" aint got shit on Serena's RealNiggasKnow url "
1	retweet mention : This crazy rush hour intersection is fake, but that doesn't make it less terrifying. url by mention 
1	 mention I can't deal.
1	retweet mention : Round of applause for me, I wore a shirt that says cocks tonight, thought it was a football team, turns out it's not url 
0	It's easy to become lazy but really hard to snap out of it!
0	What do you think about me ?
1	retweet mention : Neighbor just yelled at me for playing in his sprinkler. Note to self, I should wear clothes next time.
1	"Whoever named it a ""letter opener"" and not an ""envelopener"" missed a golden opportunity. justsaying "
1	Feeling damn terrible ugh emoji 
0	So..did Puncayshun get a new SM64 120 Star WR or not?
0	 mention I'll abstain. I only sing in the privacy of my car.
0	 DannaPaola KCAMexico once url 
0	retweet mention : ✖️✖️Ching Chong.
0	I've collected 175,800 gold coins! url android, androidgames, gameinsight 
0	 mention mention yeah it could be a solid partnership, these things take time though, see where LFC finish this year
0	Witchy Amulets ** Hecate's Key/Wheel, Isis, Inanna - Any Goddess you Choose ! url 
0	retweet mention : Richmond, Virginia url 
1	Atlanta's gonna score 80 points tonight TBvsATL slowdownfellas 
0	"We are sorry"" mention : mention Y'all don't value watchu gat."""
0	Action cures fear, take appropriate action, think confidently, and act decisively.
0	I lost 1 follower recently and i know who that is thanks to url app
0	retweet mention : Relationship status: Taco Bell.
1	“ mention : Ok I'm done” delete it emoji 
0	"""treat people the way Harry Styles would treat them"" senior quote"
0	The Essential Oils Guide - The Health Benefits Of Essential Oils url 
0	B tardee
1	retweet mention : Man I hate you lmao
1	 mention mention wish I could make it again..urgh, moving.
0	retweet mention : Breaking: Alibaba set to raise IPO price range to $66 to $68 per share. url 
1	Good Morning Everyone, Keep a smile on your face and keep Thank God, for a Brand New Day, In his Son's Precious.. url 
0	retweet mention : Scotland votes to keep the United Kingdom united. url indyref 5Things NewDay url 
0	 mention mention also, maximum return for minimum effort (infantilised product easier &amp; cheaper to produce)
0	 mention HI LAUREN, FOLLOW ME PLEASE, NOTICE ME smiley ♥ xx8
1	And they are all being paid for Hahahaha so lazy pt 
1	 mention can you stop cuz I love you more emoji ❤️ emoji ✊ emoji 
0	 mention but either way we'll have to downsize a lot. So I'll probably just end up giving my mom a bunch of furniture we can't take. Lol
1	retweet mention : Hungry for success
0	 lrt Too Too strong
1	 mention thank you so much!
1	Somebody has a big cardboard cut out of Hillary Clinton's head in their window.
0	retweet mention : ScotlandDecides special submitted by mention url 
0	How are you gonna wear tennis shoes with a suit
0	"""Obstacle don't av to stp u. If u run into into a wall, don't turn around nd give up, figure out how to climb it or work around it"""
0	Just sold a hot file set on NiteFlirt. Check it out here: url 
0	I posted a new photo to Facebook url 
0	$1.00 off any Clorox 2 Product url 
0	I need my eyebrows done emoji 
0	retweet mention : MY LOVES: can you do me the biggest solid and help me trend LivAndMaddieSeason2 for our premiere tonight? I'll love you f…
0	Aaah man I wish every1 had self confidence yaz
1	Look good and feel good before the holidays with our Nutrition Matters class! url 
1	 mention Love
0	retweet mention : mention mention mention Hmm, clearly we were too distracted by the man-candy to notice..
1	retweet mention : If it makes her smile, do it more often.
0	Reveal illuminating gas prices air lock yours sod: ZpWjKPNd
1	Make that my moms are so beautiful mention mention url 
0	 mention mention I will do my absolute best and omg his mom I'm crying
0	I'm dirty dan
0	retweet mention : basically url 
0	I'm here emoji cuz I been fucking emoji 
1	I don't wanna go to work emoji 
1	Actual fuck u
0	 TAX T200 gas fired room sealed unit heater T2026A by Reznor UK Ltd - an ECA listed product. - url 
1	 mention mention Handsome guys. PAPASITOS &gt;\\&lt;
1	Then my parents found out that I have a boyfriend. Haha.
1	 mention thank you Tina emoji 
0	retweet mention : P.T. Macias sinfully addicting series steamyromance url url T4US intrigue military… 
1	But I'm not saying I never did any of that because I did. And yes, I had fun. But I've moved on &amp; grew up.
1	 mention I WANNA GO SO BAD FUCK
0	Photoset: Taylor Swift - Shake it off outtake 4 [The animators] url 
1	I want a Polaroid camera so bad emoji 
1	 mention mention mention now that's hilarious
0	I lost 2 followers recently and i know who they are thanks to url app
0	 mention We’d love to help, come chat with us and we’ll check the coverage in the area url (9am – 5pm)
0	 mention mention mention the question is who I wish I could talk to him somehow
1	retweet mention : Safe to say I love my class and the swamp. This15ourSwamp url 
0	retweet mention : How can we expect real football for real men if we don't allow the players to beat up women &amp; children? NFL 
0	"""Giants Causeway-The Legend of Finn McCool Video!"" By mention url travel Ireland "
1	Shits about to get real at work emoji 
1	My big bro is a trip lol url 
1	retweet mention : all these hoes think they know what they want
0	 mention Please please watch and follow mention new cover of fireproof ❤️ url 
1	I get way to into sports
0	-- though Vampires made me sick, I was curious as to whether or not mention was being genuine, or whether she was trying to /c/
0	 mention 1-0 phoenixville over btown at the half.
0	There are two kinds of emergency contraception — morning-after pill and IUCD insertion WCD2014 
0	retweet mention : the Garden of Eden was the womb, Adam the conscious mind, Eve the subconscious. metaphors.
1	So funny
1	 mention o really? this is so rare hahaha very!
1	retweet mention : Sobbing emoji url 
1	I'd wild out at the games but no one else does shits whack
0	Every Friday I select 5 to 10 (sometimes more) pieces of Marvel themed Fan Art that is submitted to me… url 
1	Next time you visit PleiadonGi, take a wondrous walk in nature smiley tresorhotels mountainresort… url 
0	I've collected 205,568 gold coins! url ipad, ipadgames, gameinsight 
1	 mention aand that's why you're using 'bitch' not a girl or a better word
1	"retweet mention : ""Once again, a tour de force from Mr. Wickard."" ENCOUNTER ★★ url .. via mention "
0	 mention I see you love football! For breaking new, tips, fantasy etc you must follow mention mention and mention they rock
1	Family is the only people who will never break your trust
0	retweet mention : Seth's Blog: But the Beatles were out of tune url 
1	retweet mention : Shake whatcha mutha gave ya!! girlsniteout ibiza emoji url 
0	“ mention : [FANTAKEN] 140915 Yongguk mention Invitation to MATO Castle (©peace out : 2P) อายก็บอกว่าอาย 55 url 
0	Spotify finally got shake it off. emoji 
0	Hands-on with Leica's super-rare $19,400 M Edition 60: As of this writing, 15,00 Euro is the equivalent of.. url 
1	Once upon a con smiley 2012 Photo smiley ombi Rita url 
1	retweet mention : Trust me when I say your special, hold your head high &amp; shine mention mention mention mention mention …
0	I make my fuckups disappear in my mind. Like they never happened emoji 
0	retweet mention : . mention Khan is back with a new poster of mention ! This time he has don the look of a policeman. retweet if you love it htt…
1	 mention hi baby.
0	retweet mention : wtfiu retweet mention : Ellen Page serving 70s Eurocult Jess Franco heroine realness here, my stars, url 
1	I'm done. Fuck this shit. 3-1 up to 5-3 down. How is this shit even possible? Absolutely horrific defending..
0	Being up late, gets me looking up tattoo ideas.
0	Amanda Wellsh in “Territorio Neutral” by Benny Horne for Vogue Spain, September 2014 fashion bw AmandaWellsh.. url 
0	" emoji “ mention : When you tell someone ""Theres a bug on you"" emoji url "
1	 Kai~Yagamithoughs Karma sometimes moves at a veery slow pace..
1	"retweet mention : Good morning emoji A good morning tweet secretly means ""I think about you when I wake up"""
1	retweet mention : Never Mistake Movement For Achievement.
1	retweet mention : get her high and kiss her low
1	 mention like it!
0	retweet mention : Who Are America’s Affluents, And What Are Their Top Spending Categories? url marketing url 
0	 mention mention o god
1	Okay let me go to sleep emoji 
0	retweet mention : Be dignified Yes voters. Will only take a matter of weeks before No voters realise exactly what they have done.
1	Lemme just roll my eyes at what just happened.
1	 mention You live in a KSA, MA smiley 
1	He too old to act like he act
0	 mention most**
1	retweet mention : I'm beginning to think mention might be running the country
0	"Oomf kept saying they were ""single for the night"" okay cool ?? But I wasn't soo"
0	retweet mention : “ mention : As a Giants fan with experience, I am totally mentally ready if the Giants do blow this game lol” poor Andrew…
1	retweet mention : Best wishes mention - we all love you. Hoping for a speedy recovery. url 
0	Interesting url 
